I just spent 8 hours with the top 10
business owners on school from last
month sharing the money-making
strategies that they used to win the
school games here are the best ones the
first thing we talked about affected
every business in the room and yours
which is how to get more leads and how
to turn those into customers so it's
using a free school group okay okay so
essentially what we do is we create like
content on YouTube um Instagram stories
we're doing a bit of cold Outreach as
well I that it didn't really help with
this so you're doing content yeah but it
was content is one of them you're doing
Outreach to the people who follow and
all that stuff on your content yeah and
um also we were get like School organic
traffic as well yeah starting to do that
yeah what ranking are
you ranking your pre group like you know
you're in Discovery a no idea like we
didn't optimize for that I am be worth
looking at how many do you know how many
searches a day we get on school I don't
know a like yeah there there's a lot
um but the pro honestly there's more
visits to profiles that makes sense yeah
and then they go profile and way more
traffic goes through the profiles but so
you have so you have content you have
Outreach um we'll get you don't worry
about it um we've content we have
outreached what are you what what else
are you doing yeah it's like the school
organic so people just clicking my
profile um and it also being other
people's profiles as well you know they
just join our curiosity so we then get
those people they join the free school
group as well so promote on like
whatever platforms so how do they um so
in in each of these so you make content
and do you have it in like the
description and do you integrate into
the content like hey yeah so I just like
leave the link in the description also
I'd put in my Instagram bio so actually
in YouTube videos where I just promoted
my Instagram people would join the
Instagram or follow me on Instagram and
they just join the community I have
curiosity even though I didn't promote
it was just in the bio um with the
Outreach we didn't promote the free
group that's only like if people weren't
interested which like okay we got this
free group you might want to join it and
then with school people just join
naturally okay um I say Biol links plus
description yeah okay got that and so
and what's in there is that the the free
group or the the paid group uh it's all
free Okay so this this goes to the free
group free score got
it all right what else okay so when they
join to get the auto DM which is the
first line of our DM script okay and
then we also in the classroom section so
we have like a start here post that
tells them to go to the classroom so DM
as soon as they join the free school
yeah okay yeah it's all on the free
group got it okay and then we also have
like a start here like pinned post that
tells people to watch a course and
there's a pinned course as well so
that's in the classroom section and the
course is essentially like a perfect
webinar by Russell Brunson like we kind
of break it into a course but it's like
a perfect webinar yeah and it
indoctrinates them to like book a call
and then we just close them on the call
and then we also did the DMS as well
so you CTA to call and then what do you
do to maintain the value in the
community yeah so our community is
actually it's extremely like inactive so
I just put po like now and then but like
it's like the members who are inactive
are the ones buying though it's like cuz
they they you have like zombies or like
dead bodies there yeah so like the free
community has I think it had like 400ish
members 450 is and we got like 53 sales
so it was very like high converting yeah
yeah so it's pretty active but the
community was dead but yeah people so
you converted 14% of people who went to
your free thing yeah ex into your got it
and did you convert them into just a a
higher ticket paid Community is that
what it was yes it was $999 yeah got it
that's why it's did by the way H because
you just took the most engage people in
mov but your I is engaged yeah that's
completely
accur basically you take your most
engaged people and you take them out and
put them somewhere else and like talk
here inste of course it makes just total
sense no it's like the people who are
inactive were joining the the high
because they're active there yeah yeah
it's true that's actually
true no that's exactly why yeah yeah and
we also tested this with someone else as
well so um he was going to enter the
school games but he just kind of gave up
but he was making like $500 a month and
we got him to $10,900 this month so what
the fun of was was Tik Tok and Instagram
real short form content School community
exact same process and basically 20 ex's
income so literally just drawing I mean
I I was saying this the other day cuz um
somebody asked me this question I think
on a Q&A call but it's like how do I
convert people from free to paid and I
still think that the single simplest way
to do that is just like depending on the
price point like if it's a low ticket
paid then you just add the onboarding
call to personalize their experience
which then it's like hey what are your
goals what are your obstacles right now
you know what you might be really good
fifth or whatever and then you can just
sell straight into it um if it's high TI
then you have your you know your vsl or
your webinar or whatever that you
incorporate into their onboarding
process and allow them to self- select
if it's a you know $5,000 or whatever
you know Plus offer that's probably the
most I can imagine that would be the
most widely adopted method this one yeah
yeah it's simple it's the most easy to
understand I mean I almost didn't
understand anything else that I heard
but that yeah I've seen that be used
over and over and over again like in a
lot of slightly different ways but cuz a
free community if you've got content and
then you're promising a free community
conversion rates are through the roow
it's the most efficient mechanism to
convert it's a lead magnet I mean
fundamentally community and like on the
free community as well you make like
indoctrination Parts it's like you know
how Russell Bruns talks about like the
internal belief the external beliefs you
you just basically shatter all their
limiting beliefs you need to make a note
to make a training on yeah I I'm going
to simple I'm going to do a simple
version of this which is
just
traffic free group
yep free school it's the group funnel
yeah free
school we already have that
training yeah but it's old and in the
wrong
place and it was for high ticket yeah
and it's for yeah exactly exactly that
works so
well I it's probably the most common
Ping On school is I think someone didn't
an analysis that almost everyone ranking
in Discovery and Lead boards has two
groups one free one paid it's like the
yeah the funnel it's the tactic and it
works yeah so this like for everybody at
home traffic free school DM to web plus
Al basically you just drive everything
there so your PIN post there you make
content you soft toss it be like hey
make sure you watch this the pitch in
the classroom which kind of is disarming
cuz you're like oh this isn't a webinar
yeah it's it's a
module and we've got some people to
rather than making like one long video
cuz this is why teach the students is to
break it up into small videos and like
distribute the webinar like that make it
not look like yeah it's like there's
four videos an introduction and then
three core stories and the fifth video
is I've got this thing for you and it
puts everyone off guard as well cuz like
I don't sign up to webinars anymore cuz
like I'm in that space this just putts
people off guard completely yeah every
step of this is like extremely efficient
cuz like I know if you have a link in
BIO to a free group it absolutely
crushes like those groups are the ones
that at the top of Discovery cuz it's
just so efficient we see 80% conversion
rates on the pages like and so you get
them in and then the autod DM sends like
100% of people and then you put them to
that module and that module it starts
the funnel and the funnel is like module
one module two yeah and then you get
them onto a call yeah which is probably
going to be the most efficient method at
converting free to paid yeah and some
people they don't even book the course
they watch the course they don't book
the call but then when you DM them
they're like oh yeah I've watched the
course and then they do it so it's like
so you DM again so basically after they
watch it you follow up DM no so we just
DM them anyway but some people just they
watch the course and then book or
they'll book later on they'll just come
back to it and as long as you're making
the post then they're like they find
they go back to the course to get the
link and then they book it yeah how much
is the thing that you're selling them
the paid group so it's $9.99 a month
okay but this could work even for a
cheaper thing like like you don't have
to do high ticket you don't even you
don't even have to do a call actually it
could just be selling a $99 month thing
over DMS and maybe even a call cuz for
I'm just thinking for beginners you need
cuz you don't have a ton of traffic and
a ton of
like like privileges to work with
essentially you have to like get the
most efficient conversion at every point
right cuz you're looking to squeeze
every last drop it's also I mean this is
also from a from a technical complexity
like this is pretty simple like click to
free free to you make the five modules
and then you talk to them and ask them
but yeah this is the most effective it
works amazingly well as well because
especially with the short form content
this is something I realized recently um
so the guy was working with he had like
900 members he made one post and like
800 people joined we were like that's
insane and of course we booked like
hundreds of sales calls from that yeah
it's monster this is very simple I like
this a
lot do this
this is great really good the the thing
that I I keep I keep this is me making a
bet um is that I will bet that there's
going to be a lot more ,000 a month type
quote high ticket like shifting over um
partially because of what you noticed
which is if you can double or triple
acquisition because it's LTV to CAC
ratio and so you can still drive down
CAC a lot to improve that ratio and so I
think I mean the the space always has
like a vibe like you have like the rank
and rent which is kind of coming back
right I think in the high ticket world
there's a lot of a lot of people have
like the pendulum swung a little bit
this way and I think it's kind of coming
back just a tiny bit um where people
this is why like brand and content ahe
and like value in advance is becoming
more and more important because there's
not a lot of trust and to be fair there
was there will always be less and less
trust over time um and the more mature
the platforms get the less just eyeball
Arbitrage exists like if you remember
for that 5 Seconds that Clubhouse was a
thing like I had I knew plenty of people
who went on there and then we're doing
like 100,000 a day on clubhouse because
it was just it was just huge Arbitrage
of eyeballs they're getting way more
exposure than they normally would but as
platforms kind of settle then it's like
okay whose legit starts to rise and who
makes the best content and things like
that and so right now there's not like
besid school there's not like a another
platform that's really like emerging and
so um it's my belief that that's why I
trust that's why content stuff is so
important is because it'll improve
conversion across the funnel and I think
that this whole um
$1,000 a month like instead of being the
$3,000 $4,000 a month I think a lot more
people are willing to stomach the $999 a
month um because they can see and as
soon as we roll out more stuff with like
reviews and things like that it'll just
make it more and more trusted and I was
talking um the other day about this but
like if I could start gimmal launch all
over again the probably the biggest
thing that I would have done differently
is I would have probably tried to make
it like 10 grand a year and I would have
put all my focus on how do I keep 80 90%
of my customers
renewing and um that would have been my
main focus like I just want such a crazy
valued price discrepancy that no one
would leave um and they would refer more
people etc etc because I would have
probably acquired two three four times
the customers but they also would have
stuck uh longer because like over the
last however many years we've done like
5,500 locations that have gone through
gym launch and like if all 5,500 of
those locations were still paying me I'd
be richer than I am today um and so I I
think about that a lot of like sure
there's on one hit like when you don't
know how to sell it's very exciting to
like start Rising your price and be like
oh my God I just sold 10,000 oh my God I
sold 20,00 oh my God 100,000 like it
gets really cool but once you learn how
to acquire customers you then become
completely obsessed on the other side
which is oh shoot you realize the game
like Sam and I have talked about this at
length which is you don't want to keep
having to go get customers I mean of
course you have like you want be able to
go get customers but not to have to go
get customers and so like that's the big
difference and so like when I look at
businesses now I care almost exclusively
about how much does this thing grow on
Word of Mouth how much like what
percentage of customers stay every year
once they're like in and activated and
whatnot because then it means that I get
credit for customers I sold two years
ago and so even if you sold 100
customers a year if you can keep all of
them 10 years from now you're 10 times
bigger and so the vast majority of like
the internet marketing World focuses on
growing by simply selling more units
because they can't keep it body but the
people who make the most money just
don't lose customers but you have to
like learn how to sell in order to get
there but like this is kind of the
evolution that happens and so pricing I
like my thoughts on pricing has changed
from the the old school Dan Kennedy
model which is like say as high of a
price as you can without cracking a
smile um like i' swung back a little bit
more to like well let's just make them
smile at how Blown Away they are with
the value that we have and then they're
more likely to tell their friends more
likely to stay longer and then like I
wildly under underestimate how how much
Word of Mouth affects these businesses
like some of you guys have probably
bought coaching courses and whatnot
because a friend of yours was like I
went through his YouTube training it was
actually really good and then that guy
doesn't know that you were told that he
just sees an ad and he sees a conversion
he's like oh my ads are killing it but
it's not that it's cuz the product's
really good and so like in the early
days of gym launch we got 100 to one
return on Advertising it wasn't because
my ads were exceptional it's because
everybody who was going through was just
printing money
and so like that's the that's the the
big shift and those are the guys who
make the most money there the ones who
actually have a pretty good product in
the second clip we talk about pricing
and I talk about pricing a lot because
pricing has the strongest lever on
profit more than getting more customers
more than even retaining them longer
nailing pricing will make you more money
than any other skill I have a question
on the pricing because I did you know
the what you said charge as high of a
price and I tried to increase it but I
didn't follow the principle of only
increase the price after sufficiently
increasing
I notic the people are much more likely
to ask for a refund at the higher price
before it was 77 a month now it's 137
mhm should I suggest going down to 87
which is still bigger than the previous
price or it's not a huge price change
okay yeah just 77 to 137 is not like a m
i mean it's a there's definitely going
to be a jump in terms of conversion or
like rather a drop in conversions um but
the all all you're optimizing for is
conversion rate times LTV
that's like that's the whole equation so
we talked about the four levers in this
business right like you've got traffic
you've got conversion you've got price
and you've got churn like those are the
four levers so like to grow the business
you have to increase well decrease turn
but increase the other three right and
so if you know that let's say you've got
100 clicks to a page let's say at 77 you
convert twice as many customers well it
comes down to really just like what's
your earning per eyeball and in the
affiliate world it's called epcs which
is earning per click and so you just
literally want to make the most money
per click over the longest period of
time and so now if the 77 converts at
twice the percentage of the 137 and they
turn at half the rate then over when you
do that hypothetical Max calculation
you'll you'll be like you literally all
of this is just math you just plot the
see what it looks like see where it
maxes out see what the other one maxes
out at and you're like okay that's the
price so how would I do that if I'm
sending people straight from YouTube to
about page on school you look at what
it's at at 137 or whatever and then you
know you what your metrics were at 77
mhm right and so you just compare what's
the so here let's do the math so let's
say you've got 77 bucks oops there we go
that's a seven all right there we go uh
and what was turn on 77 well I don't
have the exact number so that's another
issue obviously yeah yeah okay like
let's just walk through it
hypothetically months average would stay
people okay so that would be 33% churn
right yeah and so you divide that by I
have bad numbers because I started it
like few months ago you're fine don't
wor about on 147 is probably like two
months only okay
cool all right so 137 divided 50% turn
means you just double 137 right and so
you've got uh what is that 200 and uh
74 is LTV here and then here you've got
uh what's that divide times three uh1
what was that 241 thank you 24 241 41
31 Okay cool so LTV here is bigger than
here but then the question comes into
conversion right which happens before
this so then you're like all right what
percentage of clicks do I convert here
what percentage of clicks do I convert
here and so can someone do
um uh 274 divid
231 for me 1.86 1.86 yeah right so if
you can convert more than 20% more on
this one than this one this makes you
more money does that make sense yeah and
how would I track that if I'm sending
people from YouTube straight to school
about you've got to just use some like
fancy guess
work but you should have got a feel of
like when you were making a video a link
how many kind of members joined yeah
okay and do you know if there was a big
drop or if it kind of stayed the same I
mean there probably was a decrease but
not you know more than 20% or what well
20% might be hard to feel yeah because
it' be like one day you get four one day
you get three like five like that might
be tough to feel um but I know that that
metric's coming out soon anyways for us
so once as soon as that conversion
metric's on there I've already looked at
it by the way like L conversion rates
across the platform there's a the
biggest indicator is the price obviously
yeah right yeah I mean some free groups
convert it
80% um but the difference
between you know something that's like
10 20 30 those things can convert like
5% but once you get a price that's like
over 100 it drops significantly yeah
yeah and so here we know what each of
these is worth and so you're just
thinking what percentage of people buy
it and that's the
conversion and so if 50% more people buy
this then you're like okay well then 50%
even I'm making 50% more sales at this
price versus uh I mean this is just a
classic like chart of pricing versus
volume that's all it is I really want to
make to make sure it makes sense though
yeah okay this is how you figure out
pricing and I would just encourage you
guys to be willing to test like the um
PC who who just sold profit well um they
did this big meta study but basically uh
the more frequently you analyze price
the more profitable your company is just
it's like a direct correlation so
companies that never look at their price
or never adjust their price are way less
profitable than ones that look at it
annually which are less profitable than
the ones that look at quarterly so just
be willing to test price I got some
questions for you though like which one
do you think is making you more money on
your traffic cuz your traffic's probably
remained somewhat a constant right well
I'm not pushing as hard as during the
school games you know because was
selling every video and I don't want to
do that for long-term brand so it's hard
to compare but I would say it's more
like the Optics of being less than 100 a
month feels like different you know than
over 100 a month so which one do you
think was more efficient probably 77
because it's like I feel like the
product has more more aligned with the
value there your your audience is
younger on G side no they not 25 to
60 well I'll tell you personally we had
a portfolio company that we ran um this
is like this you guys might find this
really interesting hey guys if you want
to be in this room it's actually free
for all these people is they won the
school games and so school is a
community platform it helps you build a
group and a community that you can
monetize online or that you can build
for free and so we give you the tools we
give you the training and we give you
the community so that you can actually
recreate that and as of right now
54.1% of people who start a paid
community on school make at least $1 and
so I say that because the first dollar
in business is the hardest one to make
because there's so many skills that
require to get there and we've been
obsessing about this for the last 5
years to make it as easy as humanly
possible if you want to start for free
you can go check it out and if you want
to ask me a question I onboard all the
new customers every single Monday so
sign up start for free and I'll see you
next Monday it's school.com games so we
ran uh we ran We R in a high ticket
upsell and we tested 50k 35k 25k and 15K
wildly different price points I'm just I
love this um and so what's really
interesting is that the conversion rate
time basically the revenue we generated
from all four of those was
identical and so on one hand you might
think oh I'd rather just have fewer
customers at
$50,000 but for me personally I would
rather have more people that I can again
what's my Valu price discrepancy as
provided the cost of goods is not like
you know like I don't want to eat into
you know crazy margins or something but
provided the margin on all you know all
the the the services are still pretty
good I would rather have four times the
customers to then sell keep and then
also have a crazy like in terms of Word
of Mouth from those people saying that
my thing is unbelievable that make sense
do you know what I've noticed like high
ticket you can like change your price
and conversion doesn't move but with the
lower ticket it really does yeah which I
think it's because it's more intimate
like when you buy something that's real
high ticket you're it's small and you're
talking to a human and everything but
when it's lower ticket it it it does
seem to make a big difference because I
high take it fundamentally if you
believe you're going to get this big
expensive outcome then logically 25k and
35k like if you go and make a billion
dollar business they're both worth it
like right um it just like comes down to
whether you can actually afford the you
know the difference and so I think it
becomes like a structural conversion
difference where what I mean by that is
like some people literally can't afford
the difference between you know 15K
versus 50k like there are just some
people who just literally can't afford
it even though they both might want to
buy it um but yeah here you're you're
selling in in a you're alone it's like
you with the your finger over the button
you're
like I mean my fear is that if I
decrease it to 87 I would piss off all
the people that joined at 147 yeah so
like how would I test the price then H
well the worst case is they could cancel
and come back not the end of the world
because so just just for everybody here
like just from a perspective um taking
if you plan on having this business for
a long time then it's not going to make
any difference like you figuring out
what the right price point is for your
community is going to be the thing that
matters most and so like you might lose
a month like you're turning already at
whatever 50% they're going to be gone in
two months anyways yeah so like I'm just
being like really real right so like you
we want to tweak this stuff to get right
High by the way yeah like that's way
above the which do I aim for at this
price point below 20% yeah
okay like good is good is like in
between 5 and 10 yeah like
20% is like average is yeah cuz I I
actually analyzed yeah I actually put
the whole platform's numbers into profit
well oh sick yeah that took profit well
for like 7 days to to process it and it
almost broke it um cuz there's like 50
transactions a second almost um but it's
like yeah the that's probably around the
average what's interesting is it's
coming down every month because I think
people are learning more about what
works and what doesn't work
um but the good ones are sub 10 but so
if you're 50 that price is too high I
don't I don't have data to be honest
yeah okay this it you can do it if you
just if you have like 4 hours and some
coffee yeah so go to your churned
members and it'll click on their
membership and it will tell you their
LTV we calculate on a per member level
so just go and fill out your own
spreadsheet yeah um and you'll figure it
out like it's the numbers are there that
that's what I said you just have to use
some some
different methods yeah and for the like
General churn should I just export like
the list of all members and compare out
like week to week or something no no you
want to look at your churned members
will tell you their LTV so you want to
see all of your churn members and their
ltvs and then look at the average LTV
that's your LTV that from there you can
reverse engineer your churn because
LTV would be divided by your price that
gives you your you can do the math yeah
yeah yeah okay that ansers it yeah cool
awesome well this is great I know that
we yeah go for it so just going back to
on pricing too and what you're saying
with gym launch I I do believe I could
sell what I've built for 30k like I
believe I sell it for 30k whatever but I
also do have a painting business now
that's why is my main focus and I am
also willing to sell that same thing for
97 so just to go this is what my advice
to you uh would be because I understand
your business outside of this business I
think that I would try and I would want
it to be just high high enough of a
price that they care and so maybe make
it 5,000 a year maybe 10,000 but the
whole purpose is not to Makey I mean
sure you'll make money doing that but
the real money is that if you can get
those people to then open your version
of painting under your
logo and basically you can consolidate
and have them use your systems and
whatnot then it's like they kind of
basically become partners of yours as
they open up locations underneath of
your flag and if you have the capital
then you can front I'm sure the
capital's not too big for starting
painting stuff I would I mean do you
know I mean it's like 27 net right you
can afford it um so like I would be like
off front the capital you can get 20%
and I'll give you a base and then I'll
show you how to run the business or
whatever and like you're going to be a
co-owner like that's I think that might
be the mega play for you and then you
can still use that to have them have
skin in the game and you take that
community and skim from the top so it's
like you let the like you don't need to
take you don't need to bet on them you
let them you hold tryouts you know and
put the pull pull sticks in and just see
who kills each other and wins the leader
board and I'll bet you if your
leaderboard was about who is the who's
the next one who's going to be able to
partner with you bet your leaderboard
would go up take
not cool so you got what you need to do
have a question yeah you had that one
form that one equation conversion rate
times LTV was there like a equals to
it conversion rate
where yeah you wrote it on the I think
you flipped it over on the other page oh
traffic Trum bottom I don't believe that
that's where it was but I don't know if
you said the you finish the
equation oh for uh the these guys at the
top yeah I think we're just talking
about that cost PR so this is price
divided by turn equals LTV okay that's
what this that's what this is and then
traffic times conversion this is the
other two of this is then you've got
price as your levers and then you have
uh turn
so these are the four levers of the
business that we're talking
about so if you want to make more money
in your community you either have to
drive more traffic to it you have to
convert a higher percentage of that
traffic you have to price it as high as
you can and you and this is all balanced
with
churn which is okay well I I can raise
my price but does that also increase
churn and by how much and so that's why
we're find like it's balanced between
these two
and price also affects conversion so
there's a bidirectional relation between
churn price and conversion and then this
is this is the machine right this is
your business
machine right this is the machine that
we have at school this is what you drive
into it which is the traffic so this is
the effort that you guys are doing on a
regular basis it's the inputs into the
like this is the big black box of making
money this is school and then this is
what we're driving traffic whether it's
Facebook ads or whether that's content
or direct Outreach or whatever it is
this then just flows into the machine
you're looking for the maximum like
yield yeah so like how much dollars per
click any way right and all of these
variables play into that and you're
looking for like the most
efficient way to turn the click into
some money in yeah couldn't you just put
that in school like this metric you know
and just get that number so we see it
cuz you have all the stats
no which one
well I mean like yeah I can calculate
that it's like if we had that you know
if you go into the dashboard you can see
the Mr if we could see that right
underneath or maybe like you know the
churn so we can see it in real time cuz
it's easy to see increases in Mr but
like this takes more effort yeah that's
a good point like I you yeah the next
kind of metric we're rolling out is like
the traffic and conversion stats that
helps cuz now you can see your
conversion annual clicks right and I
already have that data and I've already
looked at it that's why I had some
insight and then we've already got the
churn data too so I guess yeah that
would be an interesting formula it would
be like
EPC earnings per click I think yeah that
could be a cool thing to
see and
then yeah good
idea in this next clip we talk about
beating your competition by doing things
differently than them and how to
identify a great market and other great
opportunities and how to approach them a
way that other people aren't seeing if
you're on school especially in like the
last couple of months you probably
noticed that there's a lot of really
good value there but it's it was getting
stuffy there wasn't a whole lot of
like personability right or fun so to
speak so it was an obvious Niche and um
it kind of happened organically where uh
the offer was solid funnel builder stuff
like this different business model
though instead of it being a high ticket
all up at front and then he would give
you the package and then off this
one was hey Will work with you and you
just give us a subscription so th000 Mr
and is it 999 what's the price 999 Okay
cool so that was the price and so we
started with what you guys were talking
about free and a high ticket so two
groups two groups yeah okay great yeah
this is yeah recurring theme but but it
keeps going and something else I think
so where was traffic coming from just
school okay we to this day we've never
made a single nothing not even social
Instagram my friends don't know that
this is going no one knows yeah you okay
got it so traffic was going to free
group right um yeah traffic was going to
free okay however school games front
page would bring people to paid so we
had a link there that said here's the
free
okay cuz that's where a lot of people
were coming so it's actually kind of
like this yeah yeah yeah anybody a
simpler one than this yeah I said I was
answer your question upell like 15
people eight bought within the first
hour okay and so everyone's like who the
hell is this guy and then from that it
sort of was a nice flywheel and the
pre-sale you did inside of the free
group uh yeah actually it was friends
family members basically anybody that
had something that we could offer was it
a zoom like do like a zoom no it was
like in person phone
calls people in the world we knew people
in the
world get in the floor get in the pment
okay so um that was what got it going
yeah but then from that point on um what
we were doing was sharing I Sam doesn't
like this phrase but you know we'll have
to come up with a different one A a
valuable post something that had it in
there I wouldn't call what you were
doing a value
post no this is really interesting
though because I think this industry's
gotten real weird with value posts you
know what I mean it's like people
posting value but no one cares yeah
because it's not even value it's just
some opinion or article and
like what Goose did differently is
he he
made things fun and got other people to
contribute on his post so his posts blew
up way more than value posts there was
like hundreds of comments and they were
really fun and like alive and so he
bought like personality fun in
like I would say personality in fun
posts and that those were like crushing
a lot of people engaged and then a lot
of people like who is the guy and they
viewed his profile then they saw his
stuff then he got on the leaderboards
now he's got another thing feeding him
and then he got on Discovery and now
there's another thing so by making
things fun and adding some personality
and being interesting and not just
trying to like post
articles you everyone kind of started to
know who he was and then that energy
started going there and then it started
looping on itself there was like a
feedback loop it was really interesting
to see that happen h
yeah and it'll probably start happening
more in the future the gift group is the
the next one so we're starting to see
this new pattern actually where funny
things are working really well this guy
made a group it's a pure joke yeah when
you get to level 9 you get kicked out
yeah it's it's really funny like see how
see what that does to everyone and SEL
and every all of these serious business
owners with seven figure businesses are
joining and just laughing yeah and
posting funny and like I love that
I think there's there's definitely
something that we a topic we could talk
about today about Community culture yeah
cuz I think that's how you get retention
and that's how you get raving fans as if
it's there's a culture and a vibe to it
um and that's starting to happen and
work honestly more effective than the
logic that I'm seeing really start to
take off it's quite interesting that's
probably how I Define a culture yeah
entertainment business in other words
too I think what goo is really great at
is making POS are really engaging like I
even like again plenty of seven figure
business owners I just like like to make
it f so that's like your thing that you
brought it's like not a value posst just
like a posst that drive engagement and
to make people like collaborate which is
huge yeah um there's a there's a a
theory that I have behind it that
actually is something that people can
probably start to use cuz it's kind of I
didn't realize it until I was looking in
retrospect but it's something that I
call um broccoli wrapped in bacon where
it looks really stupid and fun so you're
curious about it but by the time you're
done reading you actually learn
something so each one of my posts take
like 45 minutes to an hour to make cuz
sometimes I have the funny part or I
have the the broccoli part but I have to
come up with the other part and so what
we started to find in this system was
right after you got eyeballs and as long
as you had a good offer you immediately
could just start sharing all of your
successes everything that worked
everything that didn't work or even how
you felt that day if it was somehow
valuable but not a value post I suppose
and uh the the engagement went through
the roof and this is what it meant which
might help a lot of people that are here
is one of the reason we didn't go back
and start offering up ads is because at
least I was nervous a little bit about
the dilution of the quality of the
people cuz they were all coming from
school and those people knew how School
worked and were really engaged
and so we have I don't know 600 members
something like this but we're more
engaged than groups with 10,000 members
a lot of them and every time something
goes off like let's say it's someone
struggling with a I don't know a
heartbreak of some kind a bunch of
community members just swarm on this
dude and help him out and it was that
culture as Sam was talking about that we
somehow stumbled into and realized oh
okay this is this massive thing it's not
just like kind of a niche it's totally a
niche um addressing sort of the
personability the things that you might
need from a friend and then that was why
people were signing up for everything
else they just wanted to be able to do
that and run their business in like a
safe space so um there's something to be
said I suppose about being able to uh
reach out to the things that don't
logically make sense and that was what
we ended up doing there so as you said
in conclusion the discovery ended up
being uh that backbone where uh probably
a lot of us should maybe lean on a
little bit more if you can if you can
get that slightly higher the number of
people that are coming into school all
the time is just rising and everyone's
looking like if you've got one offer
here you've got another one over there
that you can just jump over the same
person it's just a bunch of really high
quality leads and people that are
waiting to to jump onto
those I may not have much for you to
chew on there I just no that was fine
much to share it's the first one we've
seen that didn't really use external
yeah yeah
um mean I know Evin I mean she obviously
did Drive outside traffic but she
crushes internally as well because she
she has truly valuable posts um and a
lot of her posts like the differen is so
for everybody at home uh I feel like the
difference between the value post and
the quote value post and valuable post
is that the quote value posts are like
here are six things to no one gives a
right um the value bull posts are
like I did work for you or I took risk
for you or I spent money for you that
you don't have to spend and so fundament
it's a bargain on time or money and so
like Evelyn's like hey I spent $25,000
on ads and these are the ads that I ran
and this is what happened and people
were like oh well great I don't
have to do that and this worked for her
like she gives her tldr at the end and
you're like that was valuable yes if you
can blend if you can get a blend of that
and then people making like a parody
video about the community like have you
seen the ones people have made for
school if you can get a good balance of
that that I would say is like Perfection
cuz you've got the value but you're also
smiling and feel like a part of this
group and then you they're like I can't
believe I'm having fun and I'm talking
to people that make millions of dollars
if you get those two it's like it's
experience and results so on this on the
customer success side like in normal B2B
businesses we talk about both it's like
you can get someone results and there's
also client experience which are just
like the soft and the hard and believe
it or not like client experience matters
sometimes a lot more than even the
results does um like if you have amazing
results and a terrible experience the
moment they can find somebody else who
can get get them the result they will
leave but if you have an amazing
experience and like mediocre results
they're like well I love these guys and
they'll stay yeah so one of the the the
tweaks that we ended up kind of noticing
is that we on school is so great cuz
Community we actually don't really have
the post as a thing or what we do we
really turn it back into them so the
community is the community and we really
highlight that versus being like the
overlord being like here's what we give
you guys it's like no more and more in
the comments comments DM like that was
the thing that really just gets super
fan do you guys think I'm you guys GA
engage a lot in your own Community right
and I think that's like most people
could do it like in terms of the people
at home are like my my community is dead
and it's cuz you're expecting like the
community to do the work and in the
beginning like you need to drum it up
like you need to engage you need to be
thoughtful about your responses to
comments and things like that they are
small things they're really nuanced um I
mean School understands it really well
because it it use the platform but like
if you're making a post and you're not
using a poll you're up there
there's something that you can do that
just adds a little bit of flavor to what
you're doing um there's also like we
were talking about earlier pinning to
module like every little thing that
school has if you if you're not using it
you're kind of leaving money on the
table because there's usually a lot of
thought that's gone on behind the scenes
for that thing and I'd even go as far as
saying that you know we have this freet
to- paid system but probably what's
going to start emerging a lot more here
is what we did where there was a lot of
drop off where people wanted to hire us
from the free but they didn't have a
grand ready to go or they didn't have
their offer ready to shoot so they would
fall to a low ticket which is just like
a white label GSL ghl but we ended up
inverting it because people were like
what the hell does this software do and
you had to go and explain the whole damn
thing instead we just sold the
Mastermind uh later on and then gave
them this as a gift like hey and you
also have the software and then it just
went through the roof where people just
kept signing up so inevitably we had
free low ticket High ticket and it's
just been wonderful having that and it's
just this flywheel where people Bounce
Around within it and they of course that
gift of the software that gives them the
incentive to go up because they like I
want you to just do this for me now I
know it's here
so so I guess they've got the extra
piece on the end of that simple funnel
they've got
free low ticket and high ticket which it
sounds like that's what everyone
eventually wants to achieve from what
we've heard at all of these events but
just balancing the the traffic Source
the free and the paid first is probably
everyone's first step in this fourth
clip we talk about something that I made
tons of mistakes on early either you've
got entrepreneurs who are really good at
retaining customers and don't know how
to get them or they're really good at
marketing and sales and don't know how
to keep them if you're one of those
people who's really good at Marketing
sales and doesn't know how to keep them
this is all about making sure that they
stay with you and I'll tell you now as
an investor the number one thing that I
look at in business is how many people
from last year are still paying you it
gets way easier to grow when you don't
lose 100% of your customers every year
that's a promise if we want to talk
about engagement we did it I just spent
weeks analyzing this and I what I found
was honestly
shocking like that's a hook yeah video
ends so what's really interesting is
classroom content doesn't really
matter um first of all you do not need
to make a monster course in fact that
just overwhelms everyone right we have
an hour hours is less than an hour right
yeah anime shreds launch with no class
um and no post more than one
sentence some posts were just like six
emojis and they had thousands of
comments um
so it's the things that really work I've
seen in and that are very low E low
effort too
is you you get your community to share
something about themselves right so the
it the CU I've seen these posts that
always rip really well like they get
they get more comments than like a
wellth thought out article post by the
Creator who pinned it so that's like you
know
um one that always works is like what's
your favorite book have you ever seen
that one just keep popping up in your
communities even if some random asks it
it just keeps getting comments and it
have you seen this that one because it's
just asking members to share something
about themselves
and then other people are curious what's
your favorite movie if you want even the
most simple one what's your favorite
GIF that one that one's popular that one
just guaranteed like more comments than
anything else and it's kind of a little
bit more fun it's not too much effort to
think about um
or this one I found is really good it's
like um sheer
three things you do share something you
do for fun where you're from and a photo
of your
workspace right cuz people want to share
and so they're like okay I'll take a
photo of my desk and workspace I'm from
Germany and I like to play golf right
that's just sharing themsel and they do
a comment or a post like that and then
everyone looks at the image and they
notice other things they're like oh
you've got this desk or oh you're into
guitar I also play guitar and now
they're making friends you're connecting
the community together like we actually
do use that one on the course and we
tell people if you see someone's
introduction post with that comment a
gift as well and it works
amazingly and it's like the culture of
the gift that they post let's say they
put a wolf for Wall Street you like gift
on their post now everyone will start
putting them in yeah and so these This I
Swear is the key to like cuz when
someone comes in they all you just need
a simple way for them to engage and once
they're engaged and if they meet someone
they like if now they meet someone they
on DMS and then that moves to like a
hangout in real life or on Zoom they
associate that value back to your group
right can I just add something as well
hen can I just add something yeah go for
it yeah so if you want people to engage
you can do like all these like little
tricks or you can just tell them to
engage as well so like what we've done
is we've just like indoctrinated people
to engage with each other essentially
right like in a good way though so we
talked about the pr The Mastermind
Principle from thinking Grow Rich we
explained it to people and said this is
why you should engage with each other
and then now everyone's just hosting
calls with each other communicating like
that kind of thing so sometimes you just
need to tell people it's the same with
the Q&A recordings as well just tell
people to watch them give them a reason
like tell a story that makes them want
to watch it and then they'll watch it so
it just works with anything it's just
sometimes you just have to tell them why
they should do it yeah this is huge like
especially on the Q&A calls people
sometimes have a question like does
anybody here no blah blah blah and if
there's like 30 people and there's 600
in the community we like well have you
made a post and always no so we like
make a post we'll pin it maybe if it's
good one and like just telling people
that they can make a post they almost
feel like they don't have the permission
when they join the community but like no
you can make a post you can ask if
somebody here knows this or does that
and just you know doing that especially
if something more advanced that you
can't really answer in 5 minutes I think
that's huge yeah
that's that's good for like the regular
conversation I think you need to imagine
a blend of like sometimes you need to
share like something you did like you
need to always pay attention to problems
your community has and you as the lady
it's your job to like find the best
solution and you can kind of crowdsource
it but sometimes you have to go and
explore your on your own and then you
find it and you bring it back and you
share it you're like hey we found we
know this is a problem we did this we
found the solution and here it is that
that's like good
leadership then you need but you need
some fun stuff in there for sure I'm
honestly shocked at how much of a
difference it makes if you have it it I
honestly would go as far as saying it's
more important than the value like cuz
I've seen s figure people join groups
that are purely for
entertainment um but with other seven
figure people so it's like the value
happens as an accident
um and members contributing like I think
one of the most common problems I've
seen is people say I've got members in
my community I'm posting five times a
day but no one's
commenting right that have you seen
people say
that yeah and it's because the people
that have engaged communities aren't
posting five times a day their members
are commenting it's a difference and
when you write an article this long
that's just an opinion piece what is
someone supposed to
say like really like and you're putting
a burden on them to read that
thing like who wants to read that
another follow you can do to get more
engagement too is uh I like to never
answer anything in the comments I always
ask questions so everything gets
answered with a question which follows a
red for every person um and and and you
get the research you get to find out
those problems you can yeah asking a
question it's just that always works so
well it's crazy yeah I think um a really
good idea too is if you have something
that's like a community review like for
example we have music money and a lot of
we tell a lot of the artists to post
their new music post their new beats and
then the community members will review
be like oh I think you should tweak this
I think you should tweak that and then
we have another Community where it's
mainly about like content making good
content and people will post their
content or post a link to their content
it's almost like I don't know if you
guys remember like the engagement groups
like back in the day where like they'll
post it and everybody goes and comments
and likes on their post on Instagram and
that increases a lot more engagement
around the community too absolutely yeah
and just one more thing to add on to
that like I think people underestimate
like how well information travels in the
form of a meme right like a meme can
communicate like a 45 minute video worth
of information to the right person right
if they're a sponge and can soak the
information out of it and so I just
think like whenever I see like the
videos Ryan post right or like something
like that I'm like oh that's funny did
you see the Fast and Furious I was dying
bro I watched that like 400 times yeah
and so like I I think people just
underestimate like all right like you
know like what Goose does is like you
know he makes it fun to read a post I
think a meme just like sucks your eye in
and so it's like if you can figure out
how to Comm unicate something through a
meme then you're killing it you know
yeah I just watched this movie last
night it's really good dumb money anyone
seen
it it's about the gme GameStop vers the
hedge funds and it's it's a W Street
bets for they have a they had a very
good culture you know they invented
Diamond hands and like they were making
memes of like the Wall Street bets head
spanking the hedge funds like you know
and everyone just felt like they were in
this David verse Goliath like thing and
they were all part of something and
that's the most powerful thing you can
get is when you get that culture there I
think school community in the last month
has finally found something there's like
this culture cuz people are contributing
these parody videos that must have taken
them a long time if you've seen the
Harry Potter one I made the I made the
friends one took me like 4 hours the
Harry Potter one must have taken a dude
that was intensive
you've seen the Harry Potter one right
yeah yeah
um I seen them all them wisely too but
the power like referencing that dumb
bunny thing that guy just tweeted out a
picture just the other day of a gam of a
dude leaning up to play games and
GameStop uh GameStop stock shot up again
from dude just tweeting a picture right
just to like no no words attach nothing
people are like oh it's back on I need
to you know buy into this GameStop and
so that's what the power of mean guy
posted that yeah yeah he just did got to
watch this movie write it down Dum money
not only is it an amazing movie Just for
straight entertainment but this guy who
led that GameStop thing is probably one
of the best community leaders we've ever
seen on the internet cuz he bought down
some hedge
funds and up with with memes nothing but
memes and he wasn't he wasn't promising
the world to people either at first he
wasn't telling people GameStop was going
to go up 100x he was saying this is
going to go up 4 or 5x and I feel like
that's another thing people can do is
not overpromise whenever and then people
are like yes I believe it can do what
you're saying it's going to do and then
everybody believes in it and then you
know yeah yeah that that is perfect
exactly what happened in that movie and
that's what we're starting to see happen
in school like people are making these
parody videos and then people laugh and
then we started seeing people posting
like this is the most positive place
I've ever seen on the internet like that
pretty powerful so people want to go
where the energy good right like if you
scroll your Instagram and you feel bad
and you go to Facebook bad twitter World
War something then you go like you know
you go to school and there's some funny
videos and someone making a million
dollars that is the ultimate right like
people winning and people laughing yeah
we've seen two outstanding ways that you
can drive culture especially if you're
like trying to Pivot one of them
categories it's super passive this like
the thing that's right above your feed
where you can sort of when someone comes
in they get a pretty good idea this is
actually Sam's idea um they get a good
idea of what the place is for so even if
you don't actively use them it's just
kind of a good foundation we've got a
lot of good feedback back from that even
though I hated them at first they're
super useful in like a level one sort of
way and this then the more important one
is your PIN post does anyone rotate
their post actually I learned this
from you did you all right that was the
first thing I ever saw who's this dude
long hair clicked your post and he's
like rotate two pin posts a day I I do
that myself and I do that with uh with
Justin as well rotating pin post it's
overpowered actually and so you how long
until you saw results immediately
immediately yeah you rotate pen post and
and you my my favorite thing is when you
see people typing like way everyone's
like oh what are they typing about yeah
so what we what we did with them is ex L
this uh the pin post when you first
start a community your first uh thought
is oh I need to start here so that
everyone knew knows exactly where to go
which actually kind of you after a
little while because the people that are
coming back seem the see the same
every single time they come back and so
you kind of want to speak to them more
so you post the pin of the start here
Post in a classroom module or you know
whatever you need in the start here
classroom and then the pin posts are
just the stuff that's going on day to
day you got a crazy idea or if you can't
post that day you take one of your
community members and you post them up
there and they're jazzed to we
pinned oh yeah that once if you pin your
members stuff that's key I think you
should always aim to have at least one
or two the ultimate is all of the pin
post from other people that aren't you
it just shows the community that if they
they it is possible for them to make
something that you're willing to pin at
the top and then it it's it's like
creating this incentive for people to do
that um the other thing I would say is
you should always be just sensing and on
the lookout for who the most valuable
contributors are in your group or in
your community so
like you know when Goose when Goose kind
of started to take off I sent mm and I
said now that you've proven yourself
School
hardcore like what do you think of this
upcoming feature right so I started to
bring him in and give him like access
way more access to me and and then you
know he's been at the office all week
helping design screens for the next 3
months that's s so I mean Ted Carr who's
hosting a school meet up right now in LA
with 100 people um he is a key to our
office so he can just and the alarm pin
code he can just up whenever he wants
and we just talk about sensitive things
in front of him it's like he's a member
of our team but what I'm trying to say
here is when you see those people you
need to reward them because all a group
needs to keep it engaged even when it's
big as 10 true regulars people like it's
like a sitcom right like how many people
watch friends but it's just like five
people right but it's those people that
get everyone else to to come cuz they
like the vibe and they like it so you
know we've got people like Ted we've got
people like Goose um there's Max P
there's Evelyn right all of them
contribute a different piece this Ryan
guy with GIF is adding a new kind of
flavor Kirby was adding something now
he's on the team Matthew was adding
something now he's in charge of our
podcast and so and there's a lot more
people but you've got to find those when
you do see those people you need to like
do something to make them feel like
they've they're a part of the leadership
in a way of of the community what I did
is I hired one of the best guys to do a
weekly call so I just pay him 100 bucks
and he does one of the weekly calls so
he's like a professional software
engineer and he just helps with like the
technical questions so he was already
posting a bunch but I asked him hey do
you want this because he already was
attending every single call so might as
well get you know 100 bucks for it and
literally for 400 $ a month I get like a
professional software developer that
just hosts a weekly call in my community
yeah this is how you find your team by
the way like honestly everyone we've
hired that's on the nons software
engineering side is from school users
like when someone applies I look I'm
like where's their link and I look at
their activity chart and I'm like this
person doesn't use skill like why if
they don't care about school I don't
want to hire them so like if someone
literally cares about your community and
is contrib without getting paid then
they're going to obviously believe in
what you're doing right well this is
changing topics from um engagement which
I don't know if we should do yet but
that is how you find great people yeah I
want to hit on one thing with engagement
so we we've tossed around the word
culture and we haven't defined the word
culture and so I'll just share mine that
might be helpful which is the rules that
govern reward and Punishment in
organization and so if you think like we
have either spoken rules or unspoken
rules but there are rules of how you act
and so if you're with your buddies if
you say hey I got my girlfriend flowers
they just might all of a sudden say like
oh you like sucking dick too you know
like you're like okay that's the rule
that's a rule of behavior right like if
you do something that's nice for your
wife or girlfriend you're going to get
made fun of um but it's because they
like you right and but like if you said
that to your parents or your you know
whatever at the dinner table they would
be like oh that's really sweet or that's
really nice of you right and so it's
different rules so there's a different
culture at the family dinner table than
there is when you're out with your
buddies and so fundamentally trying to
what are the rules that govern what gets
rewarded and what gets punished within
my community will dictate what the quote
culture is within it and so just kind of
thinking about that in terms of those
terms will probably make it a lot easier
and so to your point G I actually think
this is uh the category piece that
you're saying really really important
and the main reason I say that is cu
like if people are about to make a post
when you see what the categories are
this signals or this tells them this is
what we want you to post about and so
this is like this is an an innate rule
to this community like we want you to
post about winds we want you to post
about traffic we want you post about mon
monetization we want you post about
whatever so it might be like you might
have like gifts like they'll imagine the
community like same identical Community
uh internet marketing right just
something like completely generic and
the categories in one are gifts
memes right like something that makes
money or like money- making uh wins and
uh Just for kicks right and so like that
is one community the other one is um
conversion rate value post uh question
whatever right and so when you see the
two of those like you have a very
different feel for those communities
before you even engage and so like right
off the bat that's the that's the banner
literally the the subcategory of all the
topics that are going to get discussed
and so like if you want to shift the
conversation that's going to happen
within the culture of or within the
within the community that you have
telling them what you want them to talk
about with the categories feels like one
of the most most important things that
you can do to do that and you also by by
very nature of having those topics means
these are what we
reward yeah and what we actually did is
um we like gamified the categories as
well so when it's like um I think Sam
did it with like son.com is he made
people like ring the bell so we got like
a clip from a game like a GTA 5 where
Trevor says show me the money and every
time someone gets a win they post that
but rather than calling it a wins
category put haha show me the money and
every time they got win they' post it
and it would just make it way more
respons if everyone would come show me
the money every time someone gets a win
and it just goes insane yeah and you can
have it be wins or you can have it
something be funny the way you have it
it's still ACC same thing but one of
them's like I'm I'm more inclined to
post this if I don't feel like I'm
flexing you know what I mean um so yeah
I I think this was like a I like would
double star that personally and then I
think that the pinning your members
feels very important like think about
like what's that's like a jackpot reward
like this is what we reward in general
and if you pin pin certain posts then
that's a super reward this is like let
me let me put this guy on the on lit a
literal pedestal and tell everyone in my
community this is what I want you to do
this is me doing a big reward for
somebody who does this and so it orients
the behavior of everyone in the
community and then I'd say what I do is
like pinning is probably the first or
saying this is a great post or this is
amazing right that's key like you see me
do this I do it all the time tell people
then pinning them but also sending them
a DM and then the only people I DM are
the people that are like the most School
hardcore basically and that I talk to
them all the time and then the next
level of Hardcore is every now and then
will be on zoom and then the next level
is they'll be at the office right it's
literally what I do not by Design or
deliberately this is just how it
happened but bring those people closer
and give them more cuz by the way they
also give me the best feedback that
they're helping design Skool literally
um and you can use them to help you
shape the future of this of the thing
you're building and when the commun when
a new member comes in and they see that
you're really tight with members like
that they're going to be like oh if
I can get my way up there I can have
that too do you get what I'm saying if
you if you do this it'll work it'll work
really well and it's not exhausting at
all is the least exhausting business
I've ever run because I don't have to
talk to any like everyone there's no I'm
never promising that I only talk to the
people who I
think who I want to talk to really yeah
was a point a few days ago the school
games Community was really dead no one
was posting I like I'm going to get
fired all I did was I added a category
called banter and I messaged Ryan who's
the gift guy who's top of the school
community and I said made this for you
and immediately he made a post there was
300 comments in like 2 hours from one
post and also on the reward punishment
thing whenever Evelyn posts every single
time she posts I'll comment Evelyn overd
delivers again just to like reinforce
the good behavior and the DMs I probably
send 10 a day if there's ever a good
comment I DM and I'm like this was a
great comment that was a great post and
then bad behavior if someone post bad
stuff don't like it message them and say
here's our rules here's what a bad post
looks like reward good here's what a bad
post look like your
post see
screenshot I got a quick uh a quick
tactic that's been like working wonders
for our culture true um I have all my
guys when they join put like in their
bio in school I put like a 15-minute
calendar link and then I'm like always
referencing it so I'm like I'm
mentioning like hey guys like book The
15s I put it on my road map I have like
a little road map like book 315s with
these guys and I'm doing all the closing
right now so like I'll like go on my
live calls and I'll notice that two guys
who are across the country from each
other have so much in common and I like
reach out to them like yo you should
book a guy with I feel like you should
book a call with this guy because of why
XYZ and then I follow up with that later
like how' that call go and then I get a
ton of like Insight on like all my
members and like what they're
communicating outside of me cuz like
there's like a little like a power
Dynamic where like I'm the I'm the head
coach I'm the the CEO guy right so I
don't get like a lot of like
vulnerability but I can get the Insight
from my community members through each
other and the concept actually came from
when I was a frat president cuz we would
have our top 10 exec guys go on constant
15-minute lunch breaks with all the new
members and then that's how we collected
Mass information and connected guys like
pledges together before the recruitment
process so that they would have friends
before they even joined the thing and so
like the result of that is like I have
like buddies like flying down to like
Dallas to meet Gladiators who I didn't
even like like they're doing it on their
owns now because the reward is so high
they're getting like brothers so I'm
going to I want to say back to you so
the users in the community you tell them
to put like a calend link for 15 minutes
so and then whenever you see people that
you think make sense and they already it
becomes an innate rule of the community
which is like hey if you like someone
just like click their Link in book of
called they might just segment out you
know one part of their calendar where
they have you know opening to just
banter or whatever maybe they do it for
their lunch breaks and they meet new
people every day whatever it is I tell
them like an I do I do like an hour for
three days a week that's just open yeah
uh and it crushes so a lot of people do
use that almost yeah so I tested it with
like five or six guys and they they all
loved it and so I'm I'm making it
mandatory for everybody now who's using
the map are using the map the map it's
not a School feature um this this R are
you using it we have members meeting up
constantly in person that they've met
through music money and doing like
Studio sessions and stuff and that's
honestly like like you guys said like
they they equate that their connection
to being a part of Music money and so I
feel like they've you know people have I
just saw the school games not pop up but
they just people just share their
location who's in Atlanta who's in who's
in Detroit you know yeah it was
interesting I was in I'm in Ham's group
and he did the post like
what's the most valuable part of the
community and he's trying to remove some
stuff and and emphasize some stuff and
what could we what's one simple thing we
could do to improve it I was the most
common answer
was get more people to plot their
location on the
map I was like what we we actually took
that idea just a little bit further
we're not sure if it'll work yet but
it's incredibly popular it's been our
most popular piece so far which was
setting up a system system that the
community could engage on so that it
continued that flywheel sort of
perpetually and what we're calling it is
it's uh it's based off the school games
and we're just calling it rainbow games
and we just have a pile of things at the
end that you can win and the structure
is uh you'll be assigned teams between
three to five you have one team captain
they uh coordinate with our community
manager and the objective is to compete
based off of three metrics where they
are on the leaderboard from um and these
are all based on a 30-day time span so
it'll basically be one to one with
school games where where they are on the
leaderboard um what their own personal
uh score is on how much they've grown in
their own relationships and health and
then the last one is how good their
offer is based off of where they started
from before so we're using those three
different metrics people were super
jazzed about it and we had uh I think
like 30 sign up to do this thing that
we'll probably do this next week we
don't know all the little intricate
details but I think there's a massive
opportunity there whereas previously
like when you're starting probably most
of us have run into this you really want
to get a few Community managers to like
lift up from the bottom and help comment
and stir up conversation but at a
certain point when it's feeding itself
you can sort of just give that momentum
by doing top down where they are in
teams or some form of competition and
reporting to to the community manager so
now the manager is doing less time but
having more
impact yeah and the more you reward the
Top members versus trying to dig up the
bottom members those Top members dig up
the bottom members so it actually is
less it's like your model and it could
be something super stupid we the biggest
request that we've had recently is I I
designed a few profile pictures cuz they
wanted more color in their thing so I
was like all right if you're on the
leaderboard I'll go ahead and do it and
now it's one of the things that we offer
in there because people really want it
and it's silly and it's didn't you guys
design a whole Suite of gifts for school
yeah he made like a library gift forgot
about that yeah Sid said he was going to
implement them to that'd be a sweet like
level six
unlock like if you get to level six I'll
make your profile thing for you one more
question for you um and just for the
context right you said if you go back in
time make gym launch 10K a year so I'm
I'm kind of in this this new building
phase of like I'm I'm going to make my
product okay you're honestly go big head
long tail with it so like what were like
the two to three like specific things
that you would like definitely Implement
into gym launch's model back then like
with your knowledge now to actually make
people like renew year-over year yeah
okay I got to figure out where my cont
for bringing this up because this is
what it was something that I wanted to
talk about
so what everyone in my opinion what you
want to do and school's going to very
quickly be able to facilitate this so
I'm really excited about that you have
onetime
value and then you have ongoing SLC
consumable value all right and I think
the big issue it's my opinion um in the
information education space is that we
try we have one we have one thing here
that we try to build for both and so
we're like okay well I can get someone
to say yes to $3 $3,000 whatever and
because they can't pay that today I'm
going to spread it over a year and I'm
going to deliver all the onetime value
up front and then they're still making
payments of 25,000 you know $2,500 a
month uh month three month four5 six but
the problem is the
value so think about like
this value is going like
this but this is
price and this is where people
cancel
value and so when you when you sell them
initially they're like 2500 bucks which
is my first payment look at the
difference between price and value I'm
stoked this is great but the day after
you learn how to run Facebook ads when
you buy something to learn Facebook ads
the value of the content teaching your
Facebook ads descends to zero there's no
additional value right and so this is
why in my opinion this is where I think
the industry should go or will go and or
if I start it over again this is what I
would do is you have one type value that
you need to be really clear about so
this is a lot of times this is going to
be the education right um for the most
part this is this is the entirety of
this right this is the education the
checklist the tool the blueprints the
whatever right now this usually has a
lot of value because you're teaching
someone something a skill that's very
important and they're going to have that
skill forever it's one time payment for
an ongoing permanent value increase for
that but all this stuff so you've got
community right people consume that on a
monthly basis there's uh calls right
that they consume on a monthly basis uh
for us like for example we did a boiler
room which is something that we did uh
for gyms which was um we would train
their sales staff and so we would drill
them every day so we'd basically run
their sales meeting for them every
morning to increase the close rates at
the jet they didn't want to do it nor
were they good at it if we could
increase the closer to the gym they'd
make more money they'd stay right it's
consumable
um uh we had ads which for us was
consumable because I would spend 50
Grand a month testing ads in like 10
representative markets I would take the
winners and then I would give I would
license those winners to a th000
locations so there's zero cost on that
besides the 50k then everything after
that was gravy right and so that was why
it was such a High profit margin
business where still is um and so the
idea here is if you put on a on a sheet
what's the onetime value that I deliver
and then what's the ongoing value and if
you were to only do this only price this
in a way that most people are like wow
just these things alone are worth X this
becomes your ongoing
price and this becomes your
upfront and so that is the concept of
big head long tail but what you want to
do is you want to make sure that what is
being built on a regular basis that is
ongoing value is ongoing value the
things that you build one time are one
time value and so then then you can
create that described so ra so so
probably for most of these qu you know
the coaching education businesses
instead of saying okay I'm going to sell
you something for $30,000 it's $2,500 a
month it might be it's 10K up front than
$500 a
month but then no one
cancels right and so then you just play
with how do I liquidate you know cost
acquire and the thing is this is where
the patience if like if I did this all
over again like the the business model
that gets fastest to 20 million isn't
necessarily the one that gets fastest to
100 million because you might have this
price the old pricing model which
skyrockets to 20 million a year or
whatever but then like you have a really
hard time passing because turn starts
eating away at you and so you're like
shoot I need to sell more I need to sell
more but it's really tough especially in
a nich to sell more right whereas if
you're not losing the customers then the
first year you do you know eight the
next year you do you add another eight
on top you're at 16 third year you're at
24 you're like oh actually by year three
I'm a little bit above what the other
one was but the first one you're at 20
and you think you're hot because
you're beating the other guy who's lower
ticket right but year four all of a
sudden this guy's now at 32 and you're
still stuck at 20 you're questioning
your life and everybody hates you right
but this guy's like man the price to
value for my stuff is is through the
roof that makes sense and when you want
to sell something else you have this
massive distribution of people who love
you and your brand your reputation are
all great because you delivered
something really valuable and you
charged for it and then you deliver
something let's be honest less valuable
but then you charge
appropriately does that make sense yeah
so this allows you to have basically
price here
price and then it drops to
here for your
ongoing and so you still always have the
Delta this this is how I think about it
yeah that's super helpful I never had
like the discrepancy between the one
time and the ongoing value I would try
to Bunch the ongoing with the 6K ticket
price but now I'm going to go right and
so one thing I think is again a mistake
that most people make I mean myself
included I made this mistake um I think
it's the vast is how most people do this
in in this business is um they they take
it and they spread the the payments over
a year or some arbitrary amount of time
I would rather say like I want to be
very clear you're paying this for this
and that for that and so if you need a
payment plan we're going to front like
it's I'm not spreading over year like
you need to pay this off as fast as
possible because that's what you're
paying for and I maybe doing you a favor
like I'll split pay it I'll three pay it
or whatever and that might mean that the
ticket price like and here's the funny
thing is that everyone here knows this
who's in in the high tiet world you sell
something for $30,000 you're not
collecting 30 you collect however many
payments your turn is times 20 it's like
okay yeah but we turn at 25% a month and
we're our price Point's 2500 bucks so
really it's 10K that's what you're
actually making so whatever you claim
versus what you make are two very
different things and so if that's really
what you're making then maybe you just
charge seven and you get way more people
to say yes because the thing is is when
you have a 30k price point you still
have to make the 30k sale but you're not
even collecting 30 it's like the worst
of both it's like you have a lower
conversion because the price is high but
you're even collecting on the low
conversion and so it's like sell at
seven maybe and then let's say that
churn on the 500 is I don't know
whatever 4% right and so now of a sudden
it's 25 you're getting 25 months at 500
so you get 125 on the back seven on the
front now you're at 195 in LTV and
because you charge seven up front
instead of trying to confront uh a 30k
price point you might sell two or three
times as many and now your epcs go up 6X
because you had you trip you doubled LTV
but you might also one and a2x
conversion or double conversion so now
you Forex epcs in terms of your earnings
per click or your conversion what each
each person is worth to you this is in
my opinion the better way to run the
business most people just don't do it
and maybe in 5 years they'll find this
video and is that what made gym launch
cable no what made gy launch cable was
that um I did nothing in it and it was
very consistent and we had multiple
forms of acquisition and so I had to
basically paint the picture which was
that did you know that 30% of gims go
out of business every year and I mean
they're like oh I didn't know that I was
like right so no matter what
structurally a third thir of gyms got a
business because it's a tough business
in general and so the good news of that
also is that every year another 30%
enter the market and so we can stay at
this place and we can sell all the new
gyms that come in and that means that
this business will just you know
continue to maintain and then the
opportunity for growth is going to come
from you know some of the other things
that I had already like planted seeds
for that were going to be down the line
to increase L
TV great I just want to say that's
beautiful that's like exactly what I
needed so thank you I'm ready to like go
home and work so yeah see you guys
for real yeah that was clutch thank you
cuz with a coaching business you
answered my question that I've been
asking for like six months what is the
end goal me yeah you've been asking me
for 6 months no not you check your
myself he's like I have tagged you every
single day every day story Post Yeah
than you oh good okay great number five
we talk about how to build a community
within any business and every single
business has a community they just have
bad ones and good ones but every
business has one and so if you're doing
it the bad way there's not consistent
the second worst way is when it's just
dependent on you having a relationship
with every single customer the ideal way
is that every one of these customers has
a relationship with one another so that
if your break with them breaks they
still stick because they've got five
other connections to other people in the
community and that strengthens the bond
that's what creates a network within a
community and then it will always be
bigger than you because one person can
only have so many relationships and
that's what allows your business to grow
bigger than you this is just how I would
explain it it's like each one of these
people on the right this is the
traditional way that most people are
doing it which is that they try and
become more and more interesting
themselves model that's literally Guru
model yeah this yeah here I'll just
write
it Guru model doesn't work well for
Community by the way if you just post it
doesn't work and if everyone wants to
talk to you you're going to be exhausted
yeah yeah and so think about this so
like this is what it looks like visually
and with your eyes you can almost
immediately see the difference but the
point that I would highlight is look how
many tie-ins these people have to the
community versus those people those
people only have one tie and so likely
like if this if this breaks right this
breaks this guy leaves right he gets out
but if all of a sudden this breaks right
he you know stops talking to that guy
he's still he's not going anywhere right
or this breaks like nothing happens and
so I think a lot of the things that
we're talking about here are trying to
get to this which is like we're talking
about the maps we're talking about
15minute thing we're talking about
encouraging the engagement between them
like the whole point of all this
stuff is to facilitate that like why do
we want them to share things about
themselves and take a picture of their
car take a picture of their workspace or
or share themselves on the map it's
because then they can start orienting
themselves with one another like that's
that's how they connect with each other
because they can find similar things and
so it's like how can we create a space
that rewards them sharing things that
they can find similarities because
fundamentally they have a shared
interest but until they know the rules
of engagement they're just going to be
like okay well I do I want to get
punished for doing something and so by
having the categories by pinning exactly
what you want people to do by dming
those people afterwards like those are
all things that then encourage more and
more of this which then creates
this and then this I'm actually really
pumped that this is the direction that
the the conversation went in because in
a past you know uh probably one or two
ago we went really deep on retention
right and so there's lots of like what I
would like the hard side stuff of
retaining the community and I'm glad
that goose you're here for like to
basically have this the other side of
the conversation of retention in the
community which is the whole experience
right what are the rules of how this
community works and what do we reward
and what do we punish and I think like
I'll bet that the people were watching
this and probably you guys too you might
be able to cut your turn even more by
doing this
stuff somebody at her hand yeah shoot
yeah I have two kind of questions how do
cuz I I resonate with this a lot um how
do you go from Guru like once you
already are operating on the right side
how then would you go to the left you
don't decrease you you increase them
that's good yeah okay that answers that
the second one is for Real it did uh
okay how do you sell because I think a
lot of the conversation is pre-framed so
I used to work for a lady uh she had
4,500 members and then what she would
tell them is if you cancel you can never
never come back for a year right which
was awesome cuz people would never leave
like it decreased turn and then the
second thing was they would have
requirements like for them to
do um like what what are your thoughts
on that I've seen the the you can't come
back thing have zero effect in some
businesses because they're like yeah I
never want to come back anyways I don't
really
care um and so like it's like it's kind
of one of those chicken egg things where
like if you have a valuable Community
then people fear losing it and so then
they don't want to cancel but at the
same time if you've a valuable Community
then you've already won and so it
doesn't
matter okay well just one more point on
that question would you sell an outcome
different than you would sell a
community um I wish I could just sell a
community yeah right people have a hard
time ascribing value to community I mean
like in the gym world we used to say
sell the bikini they come for the bikini
they stay for the the community um and
like the way that you you have the offer
in terms of the outcome that they're
going to have is going to be the thing
that that's going to bring them in right
but then all of this is the stuff that's
going to get them to stay and so I would
say there's different objectives like to
get someone to convert you talk about
the outcome to get them some to stay
they're going to like you you want to
reward as many times as you can within
that community and basically it's too
arduous for one business owner to reward
every single person as many times as
they possibly can to get someone to
stick and it's so much easier to create
the system that allows the culture that
allows people to reward each other at a
way higher frequency than you ever could
as a
guru cool and I really want to like like
what's the word emphasize like The
Leverage here on this left side like if
you have a lot of client knowledge you
can connect guys and it will
exponentially increase your leverage on
how valuable your community is like for
example like like Justin right here like
you should Network I think you should
network with um other Justin over there
and maybe Pablo because you guys both
have like this commercial construction
experience right like I don't know
anything about commercial construction
because I know like one detail about
that you guys can get like a quick 15
and then you'll like associate that
connection with like the value of my
community and that connection and build
go like that so like I can like almost
like increase my leverage into like that
construction space for example even
though I don't know much about it but
it'll add so much value to the community
as a whole and it make you guys level up
too so it's like a win-win yeah this is
huge I actually sold a few people that
way somebody asked me like if I have
something on sales AI agents and I
didn't so I searched up um school and it
loaded up a few members that specialized
in this so was like if you join today
I'll connect you to XY Z who is doing
exactly this and they join for that and
then I connect
them you wor
about it's Greatful no it's good it's
good I feel like this is the visual like
I feel like this is the the main
difference like this is what all the
tactics that we were talking about
earlier this is the end result of good
culture like what happens is when
community members start getting known
like the leaders of the community kind
of get get jealous and they like they
remove them or like they punish them so
you need to work on your internal side
as well and be comfortable with people
leading your community as well for you
does that make
sense like we have yeah we have
Champions side of the school I mean good
like all the all the names that say
reference earlier like you bring the
people closer to you who you want to
encourage and create distance for the
ones who you don't want yeah I literally
never even think about that like we're
building you guys up literally like
we're trying to give you guys the fame
and
then the more we do that the better
the the community is so like
it I I don't what you're saying though I
had this realization all of a
sudden but yeah the PE if you have that
mindset you'll never have a good
Community because the moment there's
someone that has anything good to say
you're going to like kick them out yeah
exactly I'm not saying I have it I'm
saying don't have it I'm might happen
it's kind of natural with humans you
know I mean kind of get jealous of each
other you've got to be mindful of things
that might be not what they don't align
with your vision for the community like
oh everyone this thing is just way too
complicated and I think this is a dumb
idea even if people like it I I'm not a
fan of this it's not for a personal
reason I just it doesn't align with the
vision of of the thing so you you you
can't let it just go out of control you
have to shape it a little bit um but
that comes in who you reward and who who
you pull closer and
yeah yeah I mean when we we talked about
this before even thinking like when we
were coming with the idea of the school
games overall was we wanted to have as
many like school games champ like it's
the games like we want school games
Champions like that was the whole the
whole point was to elevate it cuz we
already like I already have the clout
you know what I mean it's like our to
like get as many other people so we have
lots cuz think about it this way is like
you want to have as many different walks
of life and like avatars within the
community that represent success like
within obviously within you know the
wider the Box the more buied the
community the the Champions can be but
like like I would love to like this
isn't planned this just happens
organically but it's like I'm glad that
Evelyn is a girl who's you know really
really awesome inside of the community
and there's also black guys and white
guys and older guys and young like we
had the grandmother who hit you know a
million bucks like it shows that like
anybody can do it U obviously we're
super super Broad in terms of what we're
looking at but even within the subs
segment of whatever Niche you're you're
going after you're going to have
different psychographics different
demographics that can be represented and
that's that only increases the amount of
people like this guy or this let's call
this a lady right these might be lady
people right and then this might be a
dude right and these might be dude
people but if this person can't find
connection then there's no no ties and
then she
leaves right so having different people
that represent even kind of slightly
different flavors like chocolate and
caramel chocolate and coffee like it's
like you have you have chocolate is your
community but it's like different type
different Flav subf flavors of chocolate
yeah we can definitely see those circles
in school Community like the ads people
yeah the like creators and there's the
creators guys all the like the YouTubers
then there's the there's definitely the
girls and there's definitely I call them
the Chads
Like We call we joke around at that
about that like oh that's the Chad
Network um and then there's the like the
Boomers like for sure and by the way
that's a massive population bigger than
any other generation the largest
business that we have in the
portfolio crushes with Boomers so they
have all spending power was that it's
the largest generation in the world with
the most money with the most n and
spending power like you both like sell
to them um and yeah you can start to see
these different things it makes the
culture more interesting then I'd say
the goose and GIF people
like they I honestly for a period we
were seeing posts like how do I how to
Goose instructions and like did you guys
see all of these Goose posts it was like
it Goose was taking over at one point
and then when Ryan came in with GIF I'm
not you the amount of our GIF
usage on across our platform spiked so
much that gify called us and said we
needed to discuss a paid Enterprise
plan and now we have to pay them a grand
a
month CU we're using 500 terabytes a
month it's a testament of culture yeah
and it's like but then everyone saw that
and they were like oh can use gifts in
my community I can use polls I can be
more like goose and they're learning
these different elements that they can
play with yeah in their Community yeah
the other one I'd say is calls calls is
getting getting some the moment you take
someone from just an avatar and some
text to being on Zoom it's like it now
you've got a a voice now you can see a
face now there's some expressions and it
there's more depth um so if you're not
doing calls this is I'm sure everyone
here is doing calls but I bet you
there's people at home that are thinking
they need to make a lot of classroom
content no I swear all you need to do is
have three posts that like introduce
yourself and share a photo of your
workspace what's your favorite book
what's your favorite movie what's your
favorite gift there's four posts that
are easy and then one call on the
calendar that could be just called
coffee hour and there's no agenda you
just hang out on zoom while you have
your morning coffee maybe once a week
three times a week whatever
done then let it happen first right and
then you can figure out okay I'm going
to make this little module cuz this is
what then you can start serving your
community but it has to be there before
you know what they want right and then
you start serving and you keep adding
things and curating and then it's more
valuable so now maybe you charge and now
maybe you increase the price over time
and do you see what I'm saying like
that's all you need to start we're
actually going to hide the class tab
when you create a new community H well
we looked at retention making a course
has no correlation to retaining as a
customer in fact it's one of the reasons
why people turn right cuz they say I
don't have a camera right I don't have a
lighting setup and I will come back when
I've made my
content yeah no
so it is and it has no correlation
with retention so we're like okay let's
just hide that Tab and let's just get
encourage people to make a calendar and
do three simple posts and then bring
people in down now the engagements
happening and then you learn you don't
have to write article posts you don't
need to this isn't substack like you
don't have to sit down and like invent
these articles all the time you're not a
writer you're you're bringing people
together it's it's a there's a
difference there but it's very hard for
people to grasp for some
reason there was something that that you
were mentioning before about
um I I'll take it to to take it one step
further it it's come up once
but a lot of times the offer that you
have this isn't for everybody but it's
quite easy for an offer to be hard to to
sell um and the person that needs it
can't recognize it when they see it but
fundamentally you can kind of always
understand something like a Mastermind
or a coffee hour and so if you sell that
and you give them what they need you
almost always score like I think we have
like 98% retention for across all of
them just because we reversed everything
so that we're we bring them in on what
they want but we give them what they
need and it it just works every time and
it's something that maybe you guys
couldn't could also run with because
it's a I mean it's it's a showstopper
for sure and by that you mean they come
in for the funnels they stay for the fun
no they come in for the Mastermind they
stay for the funnels all
right bit stickier yeah we started the
other way yeah it just worked better the
the fun is just kind of like a cherry on
top like it it's it's sort of I mean
you'll see it in kind of like the
Captivate branding I literally analyzed
every little pixel and I was
like how can I get more attention from
one glance and so it was colors it was
um bizar it was cussing whatever
whatever it had to be it was just like
just be whatever came naturally not like
forcefully and then from that point the
fun was like a nice introduction and a
good tone a good cultural tone but
everything else was just yet trying to
situate and that was where our big
roadblock was and when we reverse that
like almost on accident it completely
changed everything else yeah how many
people here are teaching someone how to
make money or do something to with
business what I think you'll find
fascinating is that most people don't
want to start a business
no like really I learned this after
talking to Big YouTubers they're like oh
but now that's a business and I was like
yeah and they like I don't want
that so like most people don't want a
business what they really want is they
want to like feel good and have fun that
explains the whole world how many
people how many people are at the
Library ver vers
versus playing computer games or like
you know watch watching movies or like
going to bars right like how much money
gets spent on like going to bars and
video games and everything versus
everything else um it's it just that
shows you that's what people want more
than anything but I think once you
become an entrepreneur it's even harder
to see once you become a hardcore
entrepreneur as you think everyone's
kind of like you but most I can tell you
most people aren't and no one is yeah
like I mean 9% of people have a business
and that like that means literally like
own an LLC so that includes like hair
stylists who are Solo prur so 9% so if
you cut out solo prur and then just go
people who have employees you're looking
like one out of every I I don't know
what the stat is but I would imagine
it's probably one out of every 50 people
actually has a a business with employees
like it's not a lot of
people this is why I think the fun
element is really important cuz I've
seen a lot of people say this they were
like I never wanted to start a business
or be an entrepreneur until I knew it
could be
fun right like it's I think that's how
you make the market bigger for sure like
if you want to get more people people to
buy your thing and all of that I think a
lot of it comes from not
just more training or more like
explaining or more like logical Concepts
and Frameworks I think it's trying to
make
it more fun and interesting to people
does that make
sense yeah that's why I was excited
about these recent breakthroughs that
we've had
because it's it directly translates to
the actual thing you want which is
retention sales Word of Mouth by the way
like all of the things that we dream of
but it it comes from tapping into this
slightly different thing I love that we
had classroom
done it yet I think it's a great idea
this next clip is about strategy which
is my fancy word for prioritization
fundamentally we all have a certain
amount of time money effort people that
we can allocate across a million
different things and so the idea is the
people who move the fastest in business
make the Best Bets because they choose
to allocate those resources to the
things that get them the best returns
and this is how to pick which ones you
should so we're we were selling before
we built the program okay so as I'm
actually using time to create the
content and get the program out there's
less time to get more people in so the
revenue goes down as we're building so
how would you fix
that aren't you guys
Partners you you're not solo are
you you split the responsibilities maybe
one on growth one on
building that's a great way yeah okay
thank
you nailed it and also you're going to
work a lot it's as a side note like
you're just going to work a lot yeah we
work all day already yeah oh we also
have one more person Kirby who does like
Community
Management so we divided it even more
like I'll just think about making it
better Kirby will run it operationally
and hosi will bring people in do you see
mhm that makes sense so get like
potentially more people if needed if not
just split the work yeah for
everything's going down because you're
like you
the point I was making earlier about the
classroom thing is like I would not want
you to overproduce content for the
classroom since the vast majority of
people they quote want to buy it but
they don't actually consume it um and
they consume the community far more than
they consume the content and so I would
like try and make it as paired down as
you possibly can to increase the likel
that they do consume it and get value
because if they see a ton of videos they
just say like nah but if you say like
guys the whole thing you can cover in
less than two hours then the likely that
they're going to watch it goes way up
does that make sense so I would just not
don't kill yourself on it try and think
what are the actual few things they need
in order to be successful just make that
so that you can still focus on basically
keeping keeping the business going yeah
perfect thank you um how to revive a
dead Community right so one of our
partners um they got in school very
early on and it just grew very massively
before we had buil out our
infrastructure they have 14,000 members
just dead Community is just dead I think
a lot of people in the school community
haven't even been in there probably in
weeks months um I think one time there
was a lot of like Bots and stuff and we
hadn't gotten that system in place and
that kind of probably like wasn't good
and then um so yeah how to revive that
community so it can be more of a nurture
to the paid so this is your free
community uh into into music money no
this is so yeah we we work with a lot we
have a bunch of different communities
okay um this is one of our free
communties it's called Kingdom Minds
okay yeah they have like 14,000 members
and they're paid community is doing well
cuz we do webinars right and we just
sell that but the free community itself
is just yeah like not 95% of people are
like at level one essentially like you
know they may do an introduction and
then that's all they ever do so like
just well is there anything you guys
have in mind like to bring that back to
life makes sense did you do the same
thing that Zayn did where like the
people went into the free thing you sold
all the engaged people no and I think
that's definitely part of it but even
the most engaged people in the free
group of that one are the people from
the paid group they stayed over there
and still engaged but it's like we can't
elicit more engagement out of people
they they're like oh I want to join you
know they join make a profile and then
they're like you know we don't know how
to make it like a part of their every
day kby do you have anything they you've
hurt yeah I would like launch for
something exciting like a challenge or
something that is going to get people
excited but why reactivate why do you
want to reactivate what problem does it
solve well it's just 14,000 members and
I'm just like you know I feel like do a
few broadcast post and there then move
on do you post in that much um so yeah
we have a school manager that's making
posts in there um are they good posts
it's okay post you know about like
content nothing honestly a lot of the
game that we got in right now about like
you know making it more funny and
entertaining will definitely like you
know add that in there's been more value
based and more like hey we got a free
training which is the webinar so it's
probably a lot more CTA what problem
does the group solve um it's about
social media you know no like why no no
not not not for them like why does it
exist for you uh as an upsell as a as a
funnel to go to the paid community and
to so it's the lead magnet it's the lead
magnet well really the webinar is so
here's the thing so the webinar is the
lead magnet but we have a web hook that
takes people to the free community so
people were just getting into the free
community after the web webinar so we
don't even have their data on like phone
numbers and stuff so all we have is
their email from schol let me ask this
if you just didn't have the free
community would everything still work
fine yeah so maybe maybe maybe you just
have a paid community and you just run
ads to your webinar sell people into the
paid community and that's I just I think
the only reason we'd want to get it
better is just for discover you know be
on the Discover yeah one point we were
top 20 the community was top 20 cuz it
was growing so fast and then now it's
like I don't even know it's like up
there so it's just kind of like we have
this a bunch of members in there like I
mean we could deactivate it but do you
have any super users no yeah they
they've already upgraded the paid
members essentially they're still over
on the free community but yeah it's just
you know our our only point of really
getting it back alive would be to get on
the Discovery I think you know overall
like raising engagement to get on
Discovery page would be the ultimate
goal I want to add something when it
comes to the post so you have a
community manager right mhm do they have
their own accounts or do they use your
accounts they they use the the person's
account the yeah the owner's account
okay yeah because if somebody else makes
a post but they're a community manager
nobody will pay attention because people
join because of you are the artist right
so yeah great point though I me think I
think if you were going to try and
engage it I think doing basically doing
something exciting that is valuable for
those people will get them to be excited
and then I would just I I would I'd
balance that with Sam's question which
is like why do you even
bother well if you do re-engage it one
thing that we did that was quite
successful when we were doing the
rainbow games thing was One requirement
was you had to tag people that were less
active than you that you'd like to
compete with and it was actually
surprisingly successful yeah that's
interesting sweet
any of else come up questions St mind
otherwise I'm going to grab out of this
bag of of there was some that were
interesting cuz all the ones left we've
pretty much covered at previous ones
right yeah they're like standard topics
but there was some that were kind of
unique this time around
like
um and I I think this kind of relates
somewhat to what you just said which
is what is the next lever to pull mhm
it's like cuz you know there's a million
things you could do like reactivate this
dead Community but I swear you your time
would be better spend doing something
else yeah like how do you find that next
live at a pull yeah so this is like so
that question fundamentally for everyone
here like if you could walk away with
that being correct would be in my
opinion the most valuable thing that you
can do to walk away from here cuz you're
going to have two pages three pages of
notes from today and what's going to
happen is you're going to get on a plane
and you're you're going to have a fresh
piece of paper and you're going to go
through your notes and then you're going
to write like a list of like three
things that you're actually going to do
and then that's actually what you're
going to end up doing from today that
will be the output of this day and so I
just want to make sure that and then of
those three things one of them will have
by far a disproportionate impact on how
much money you make and so most small
businesses or even even midsized
businesses don't grow as fast as they
could because they spend their time
doing the wrong things it's and the
what's what's deceptive about it is you
you can make an argument that
reactivating this group can make the
business more money there's a lot of
things that can make the business more
money the question is just which of
these things will make it the most money
and so by doing that we have to reverse
back into we had those four levers that
I had earlier we've got traffic we've
got conversion we've got price and then
we've got churn so those are the big
four things and so if we want to grow
the business those levers have to change
or the business will not grow and
so for many of you it might just be you
need more traffic like the business
model is fine the economics are fine and
you need more traffic and so basically
at least my thought process that I have
with this is I try and scale as much as
I possibly can until something breaks
and then when it breaks we fix that
thing and then go back to scaling the
out of it again I mean
fundamentally that's what we do and um I
mean I I teach this at at for for
businesses but I'll I'll I'll walk you
through it
uh so what is going to go to these four
levers that we talked about earlier
right which is going to be your
traffic your 2f there whatever
conversion which is you tweaking your
about page making a vsl that's better
adding Carousel images tweaking the
bullets that you have on your landing
page uh you've got the price which you
can test and then you've got churn right
which has a big list of things that you
can do so these are the four levers the
things that you're doing have to Lad up
to one of these four if it doesn't lad
up to one of these four things why are
you doing it all right so like if we
were to translate your objective with
the free group you would have to say
okay I think that the US reactivating
the free group will increase traffic
that's fundamentally what you're doing
you want this traffic source to make you
more money from your to towards your
ticket High ticket thing and you say
okay how much work will it take me to
reactivate this group okay is there
anything else that could get me more
traffic than reactivating the group of
the things that I have available so
right now could me just spending more
money on ads or making better ads make
us more than me spending the time to
reactivate the group if so forget
reactivating the group make better ads
or spend more money on ads does that
make sense so once you figure out and
when we're picking which of these three
things or four things that you're doing
the thought process is what which of
these is the biggest constraint in the
business and so if conversion rate let's
say for example on the on the landing
page is super low then it might mean
like hey before getting more traffic I'm
I'm going to I think I can double my
conversion on this page cuz I haven't
really spent any time on it at all okay
well then it makes sense to spend a day
or two like can I really clean this up
and make it as crisp as humanely
possible with the language that I use
can I grab screenshots that are more
meaningful that like you probably had
more testimonials things like that you
haven't updated like can I put that on
there can I make an actual 3-minute vssl
that that is more compelling than the
one that I just like tossed up there
okay that's probably a day of work well
it's probably high leverage because I
can double the growth of the business by
just improving this conversion metric
pricing
like well if everybody just pays you
more we already went through that
example over here um this could
obviously make you more money and then
you have your big list of things that
you're doing for turn and so cool which
of these is the biggest uh thing that's
going train in the business you pick the
one that you're working on and then for
me I tend to think through
this more better new and I tend to do it
in this order most of the time
so like I will just ask when portfolio
to is like why can we not just do more
of what we're currently doing like
whatever we're doing why can't we just
do more so you'd have to make an
argument to me that we should reactivate
the group rather than just spending more
money on ads and you have to make an
argument that it's easier and it will
make us more money than spending more
money on ads and if you came out the
argument they' be like well then forget
about it if we can't do anymore for
whatever reason we have some limitation
like we can't post more than twice a day
on Instagram like we just can't or we
can it just like we've seen that when we
post three times it doesn't doesn't yeld
the same performance so two is kind of
The Sweet Spot fine all right then what
can we do to make it better right okay
cuz if we can make those two posts just
higher quality overall can we like
really think through the hooks can we
make sure that they're take that they
appeal ideally to the audience that
we're looking for if we do better then
the quality of the traffic will go up
the more views will go up does that make
sense now if we can't do any more any
better then we need to try something new
and you notice that most of the times
you can do more of what you're doing you
can do what you're doing better which is
why I so rarely do new things once you
have something that works that's the
hard part once it works it's like how do
we scale the living crap out of it and
the reason that most entrepreneurs in my
opinion especially small ones get stuck
is that they find something that works
and they stop doing
it and then they get distracted by six
other new things and they get completely
spread thin and it's and like what's
ironic is that the small business owner
is the one who has the least amount of
Leverage and you have the basically your
your contribution your time contribution
to the the income of the business is
more direct than anybody else's
especially at this level and so like you
like saying okay I'm going to take a
third of my time that might just be like
decreasing your business by a third um
it's have a very strong argument for why
that's going to make sense and then for
who once you have a team then that
becomes the the next thing it's like
okay we know we going to increase
traffic the way that we're going to do
that is like we can't do more posts on
Instagram so we're going to make them
better and this is the process that
we're going to focus on getting better
which means that uh once a week I'm
going to take three hours and I'm going
to script out I'm going to look at other
people's you know content that have
really good hooks I'm going to write
down all the hooks and then I'm going to
make content that I think is going to
appeal to my demographic in a better way
cool now who's going to be you know if
it's you then you're the who in a lot of
these if the business gets bigger then
it's like okay Jeremy you're running
this and then we just measure to make
sure Jeremy does his job that makes
sense in terms of thinking through this
and so we just want to make sure that
what you are doing is going to map to
what's going to drive growth within the
business and I swear to God so many
times people are just doing that
does not map to
this okay Red's
over one quick question on that the the
first four is there like a certain
priority that you would recommend for
like I'm a solo operator I'm doing like
50 a month BC offer is there like one of
those big four that you would recommend
prioritizing first you start here okay
because this is how you have lifeblood
in the business so you have to promote
you have to acquire customers once this
is relatively consistent even at a low
level I then this is me how I think
through this now not when I was younger
normally I would just be like just do as
much of this as you can forget
everything else now it's do enough of
this so that we can keep working on how
do we how do we find the things that
people actually want versus what we
think they want and then there the
things that we can remove like how can
we delete things how can we make this
simpler how can we make it more elegant
how can we shorten the the modules that
we have I mean we're hiding classroom
for new people like think about this
like we remove three calls a week like
we're trying to take things away not
because we don't want to add it's easy
for us to add the value it's but we want
we want them to consume it and so
consumption should be the highest
priority for everybody here in terms of
making like how do they get value they
have to consume value right so
consumption should be the highest
priority and so um we start here until
you have enough flow going through the
system that we can see what they really
want and a lot of times these simple
things like the last master I think we
went through a ton of depth of all the
things that you can do to reduce T right
it's like so you experiment with that
and this might be months while you're
doing this I mean for context school
didn't hit like a like let's go
hyperscale until like recently and this
was years right of getting the product
right like obviously like there's people
coming in every day and there was a
enough promotion that we basically we
could test and keep learning but it
wasn't like we don't want the world to
find out about it yet because we want to
get all these pieces right once these
pieces are right enough then you go back
here and you scale living hell out of it
boom y it's
great so right now the question for you
is if you have really low turn I don't
know if you do but from what you were
saying it sounds like you have low turn
then then yeah do more traffic yeah do
more do better of what you're currently
doing so you're are you running ads yeah
so you'd spend more spend more and Mak
them better top 20% of my best customers
targeted towards them now that I have
that insight and then just keep making
that better and then just more more
better and then just spend 400 Grand a
month on ads yeah
sure I mean it's like an inside joke in
my business like he's just going to say
more better it's like y that's what
we're going to do this quarter just like
we did last quarter just like we did the
quarter before we're going to do more
we're going to do better and if we do
both of those things we'll probably make
more money and then if there's something
that prevents us from doing more or
better then we fix that and then we go
back to more
better does anyone have questions about
what they need to do for
this like like you need you're like okay
am I should I be spending more money
well if you're if your LTV is good in
terms and you're and your and your CAC
is low then yeah I just keep
spending I guess for like low ticket
communities you know recently you had a
video where you went like seven things
like a handwritten letters on boing exit
interviews for communities on school
like which one of these you go after it
the first kirby I feel like you have
even more insight with you the price
sounds like the thing that's moving at
say again the price okay because you've
already experienced what that's doing
right you know the average is around 20
you probably want to be on the good side
of that so figure out why you're
not like I would talk to your customers
first like why did you cancel you want
to talk to the people that cancered you
want to talk to the people that stayed
and you want to figure out what
differences they have
and then if you find the people that
stayed did these things emphasize those
things if you find the people that left
did other things remove those and so it
might not be price I'm just yeah it but
you told us so um maybe it's price so
like balance that and then you know with
your traffic you you can drive more of
that and then you can play with about
page conversion you can play with that
and then when you're both of those go
back to retention CH I know I can drive
like easily way more traffic it's just
that I have a leaky bucket so I want to
fix it so I'm like wondering if I should
add the onboarding or you know events
onboarding I think for sure is a good
idea and how would you execute that for
low ticket you do a group onboarding and
everybody who signs up gets one group
onboarding that you attend you do it
once a week yeah I think people throw a
lot of in their community and then
they just keep adding and then they
think they need to keep adding to make
it better
but it's not true like overwhelm is the
main cause of churn think about the
experience so how many things in the
classroom would you say is like The
Sweet Spot cuz like right now I have
like eight
maybe honestly the hardest part I found
when improving anything is to figure out
what's actually wrong with it that but
I've been working on the school games
funnel recently by the way homos will be
happy about this
um I figured out like what the problem
to try to figure out what the problem
was was actually quite difficult but in
the was my it was this guy I knew from
New Zealand who's a complete stoner that
had text me when hosi when hosi launched
the games he couldn't understand what it
was and I was not going to try to
explain it to him but when we came back
to making this improving it I was like
it turned out that he was the best
signal for it actually what the is
the school games I wrote it down that
was the problem if you didn't know what
school was you have and you see an ad
from homos he's talking about the school
games and some leaderboards and coming
to Vegas people don't know what the
that is so I wrote down what the is
the school games and I was like that is
the
problem so but that took me a lot of
research to to like find right I was
talking to a lot of people I was doing
this with Kirby it's quite an
interesting process right and then we
were like okay well how do we describe
this damn thing in a way that is Mak
sense to like a stoner dude um because
it helps to use extreme cases like Steve
Jobs tested products on children because
like if they could understand it anyone
could understand it right
so like defining the problem and then
coming up with different ways you could
solve it I've been doing this with goose
and Kirby and the office all week we
probably designed we came up with many
different ways to describe what it is
many different landing pages many
different bullets and we just kept
talking to users getting feedback and
kept iterating it we probably made 30
versions some of them were so wrong it
was I wondered what kind of
tangent you'll never see
it but you know we actually at the end
of about one week we landed on something
and um and now everyone we show it to
instantly gets it it's like we don't
actually have to fully launch to find
out
out when you learn how you can use
everyone to get like feedback and talk
to people and show it to people and get
their reactions you can do a lot of fast
iteration Cycles without the harshness
of like reality then when you launch it
into reality you have a way B chance
right um so that's how you improve
anything like that that's not the games
but that's what we were doing to the
games recently we Kirby was doing
interviews with all of the winners
that was overwhelming not many people
were showing up so we cut that we just
did one hosy Q&A a week right attendance
is up every viewing is up people are now
saying that it's way more
valuable and you know so
it's we were unlocking the one day
recordings after you got three customers
we like why are we making it hard to get
the most valuable
thing now you just need three members
they can be
free right so like what do people value
how do we make more people experience
that what do people not value take it
out what do people not understand reword
it you see it's all the same but I I
will I will I will emphasize what I'm
saying is that there's a it's so much
more work than you expect it to be and
everyone wants like the one silver
bullet that you're going to magically
fall on it but if it were obvious you
would have already done it and so it's
like it's disguised and that's what I
mean this is literally what makes
business hard and so I'll have a
business owner on a Q&A call say like
what should my price be and I'm like I
don't know I'll walk you through the
process of how I'd figure it out but I
don't know your avatar I don't know your
traffic scores I don't know the value
prop of your community and even if I did
I would say I'll start here and I'm
going to do the math and I'll move it
and I'll do the math I mean with a
portfolio same thing I was telling I was
like we tested 50 35 25 15 we just
tested it I was like I don't know we'll
find out and then they were all the
same and then I was like okay well which
business would I prefer and then we go
into that right and so just just in
terms of thinking through things like
the amount of effort that goes into it
that most I would say that like as I've
gone as I've G moved up in business the
my understanding of the level of effort
that's required to solve complex
problems has gone up
100x it's just significantly harder to
solve more complex problems and that's
also why the biggest paydays are on the
other side of those problems because if
they were really easy to solve everyone
have already solved
it so it's like 4 hours and a cup of
coffee and a bunch of data you're like
all right let's try
this there's a quote I learned from the
software engineers at school they say
you have to make every detail perfect
but the only way you can do that is to
limit the amount of details that you
have so inside of the school games we
have eight videos all of them together
are less than 45 minutes one course we
do one call per week and that's
it and once a month you get a download
from here the Mastermind that's it very
easy to explain to someone one call one
course one Mastermind a
month and there's 13,000 people in there
each paying 99 a
month and they get the school
software that a question yeah so there's
a fine balance between because if you're
a leader of a big Community right if
you're showing up too much you kind of
almost lose your power right and if you
do q&as every single day nobody one it's
not special so how would you balance Q&A
calls making posts inside of the
community and just showing up and like
giving people attention like that I'm
sure there's a data answer for this
rather than me just guessing we can
probably find it out of like what the
the best you know Cadence is I'll tell
you I personally I think post twice a
month in school that's not planned I
just I just kind of poke around and I
see what people are struggling with I
made that Niche post because I was
really tired of people like what's my
niche going to be about I was like
here's how you find your Niche and so
it's just like I just listened to what
was the like there's you probably
noticed this in your communities there
probably like a pro like a problem dour
it's like people just kind of glob on to
a single problem all of a sudden and
like I felt like I was seeing more and
more of that so I was like all right I'm
going to try and answer this and so then
you make that and then it's like
hopefully and if it does if you put the
thing in and then that problem still
exists then you didn't do it right so
it's like you have to do it again you
have to make it simple you have to make
it easier whatever it is you keep doing
it until that one goes away and then
like the next problem will occur and the
good news is that your customers will
always have problems yeah and so you
just solve them I can tell you a good
thing that works for
me um so I spend a lot of my
time reading what people are saying like
I'm trying to understand what things
people are struggling with so I'm not in
there just posting a lot I'm in there
listening the most more than anything
else most it would be like 90 it would
be like a lot of time is spent listening
trying to figure out what is going on
what should I improve what problems is
the community facing right then when I'm
pretty sure I've got those problems I'll
even talk to some power users and I'll
validate do you think these are actually
problems right and then I'll make sure
I'm clear on the problems first okay now
if I spend now prioritize them what's
the most what is the most pressing
problem okay number one now I'll just
focus on that at least I know if I just
fix that I'll add some value right yeah
so now I'll try to fix that and I will
try to fix that by research
experimentation Etc and then I'll come
back to my community and say hey I saw
all you guys were facing this that
sucks I fixed it here you
go and that's how I like that's how you
add value seriously no like I I have
this little template on my wall for
emails which is uh hey I made this thing
for you here's what it does good
afternoon enjoy like CTA like that's
like that's my email template like it
just makes it really simple like hey you
guys were struggling with this thing I
made this for you here's why it's
important goodbye the hard part is
finding the thing yeah like I said how
do we make the school games funnel
better well what's the problem with it
that's the real
question and it was some Stone a dude
who had the
answer yeah so you wouldn't have a
schedule of like daily or second like
every second day or definitely not
that's like a Henry Ford production line
for Community like we're not trying to
pump out posts fast that's not what
makes a that's robotic that's not that's
not a good Community a good Community is
something
that understands your pain and
experience and delivers Solutions and is
fun yeah you're right yeah and isn't
overwhelming
and doesn't make me read five articles a
day I like value Post Yeah cuz I don't
want to read a bloody article that's a
pain in the ass like I want a
solution or I want to
laugh one of them
yeah so I have a question if you guys
had to decide on building like a an
Adonis school or an anime shreds which
would be your
choice I actually don't understand the
question so
the the model that they have like you
look at Adonis school and he's got loads
of um uh delivery in the calendar
section like every day twice a day uh
and it's a higher price point and then
you got Anime shreds which is you know
nothing in the calendar but loads of
posts like just emojis and random stuff
which is a better model for
actually helping more people get in
Greater scale and then eventually making
more money with
that well I guess we'll find out
if you guys had to pick one which would
you which would you pick well I've
watched both of them the anime shoes
one's super interesting
because it broke a lot of like
preconceived ideas like it had no
classroom when it launched it was $1 and
it grew to 100 Grand a month faster than
anything and became number one on
Discovery right like real fast and there
wasn't a ton of posting in the from the
owners it was mostly driven by the
members right um plus I know their their
about page conversion rate is one of the
highest what I'm really curious about is
their churn but I guess that time will
tell it's new but I think the fact they
started low and then increased higher
makes it's a good move for churn and I
also know churn is low when your price
is lower so that will be quite
interesting to watch over
time and so can it scale I know hams is
trying to scale higher in a donor school
I I think animation R SK apparently want
to scale more both people probably want
to do as least work as possible right so
there's that and then there's the
retention and we'll like over time we'll
see like how those two
models differ I think what anime shs
wasn't just the price though I think
what they showed us is
that if
you if you have like some
unique like the fact that it was called
anime shreds and the artwork yeah that's
that definitely added
something um that's kind of what Goose
showed us if you make something a little
bit more
unique and that's just like free
performance right like if you can make
your landing page conversion double by
just theming things and making them a
little bit more
interesting that for sure is really good
like I would encourage you everyone to
think about that um but I can't say
which model was better anim shs converts
way higher but Adon school is way more
expensive and they're both making around
the same amount per month it'll come
down to epcs earnings per click so
fundamentally if 100 clicks go to Adon
school and 100 clicks go to and this is
this to be fair is purely contrasting
the business and like the community
because traffic sits outside of that
because if animation R 10x is their
traffic they will become 10 times bigger
than than Adonis School independent of
what they did inside of the box and so
if we're just isolating conversion right
price and churn then you look at what's
the if I have 100 clicks how much are
these clicks worth for this business
versus this business and then that
literally just gives you the objective
measure of which one of these creates
the most
dollars because I'm kind of at a point
where I'm like I you guys start the
school games and great they've got that
platform for us and then I said okay I'm
going to copy what you guys doing with
the school games and how you run things
and I copied Adonis school and gang
because that was the guy at the top
right now anime shreds looks like he's
going up there and I'm at a point where
I'm like which which model is better and
which one's actually yeah cuz I'm not
that good at business I just see things
that work and I copy it you're not bad
well there's going to be more there's
going to be more so if you keep
switching you're going to get in trouble
exactly that's where the stick the
sticky honestly like even saying it like
that me thinking about it is like it's
probably neither it's probably the one
that that is more
like authentic I've got a feeling as to
what it might be but you know all right
what is
it the feeling yeah what my feeling to
do with it is it goes a bit opposite
there cuz I'm doing 17 lives a a week in
my paid at the moment
so yeah but my my feelings telling me to
put it in the free community but I mean
that might be stupid cuz I'm trying to
listen to what you guys are saying
you're saying no we're just doing one
now and it's like so I'm a bit the
you know I think if you want to use all
that like all that so last last games a
ton of people I think it was last games
it was like it was like the lives games
it was like everybody was doing like
Instagram lives it might have been maybe
two ago um and that the thing is is like
we have to separate promotion from
delivery so from a promotion perspective
you're doing lots and lots of lives
you're making lots of posts you're
making all this stuff oh no I understand
I got you and so my point is is like I
would take all that energy and put it
into promotion so you get way more
people into your community and and then
the thing is is that you if you do 17
lives a week externally it's okay that
people don't consume all of them because
if they consume one of them then they
might buy whereas if you're inside of
the community and you're doing 17 they
might be like Oh I'm missing out on 16
out of the 17 I'm not I'm not getting
the value if it's free your cost is time
and so as long as you deliver a return
on the time that they spend consuming
your content then they got they have a
positive exchange with you and so you
basically it's like you can never
promote too much you can put too much
inside of the community and so I would
take some of that Juju and put it
externally to drive more through the box
I think H actually did like the opposite
like when he increased the daily coffee
to like nearly every day um his turn
like reduced massively so I have no idea
uh he's messaging me like every day
and trying to figure out like all kinds
of things around churn at the moment um
I my answer to him he kept coming up
with ideas my answer to him was talk to
your customers I recently was pretty
public about this is that like I widened
my content for I think either 3 or 6
months I like started sprinkling in some
other other pieces I talked about how I
eat and like Lea you know how Lea and I
run you know being married and things
like that and the the the problem is
that you do get positive reinforcement
from it and so it's like he made some
stuff on relationships and then people
are like oh this is awesome but the
thing is is like the wrong people were
saying it was awesome and so what was
happening is my audience was growing but
it was growing with the wrong people
and so I had I mean I had this moment
where like sometimes you have these like
I had a a friend of mine come into a
friend acquaintance i' say flew in and
was like um and he probably does 10
million bucks a year and uh and he was
like yeah you know um yeah I don't I
don't listen to to much of your stuff
anymore and he's like yeah I was
Hardcore for like six years um and then
I I just kind of um I guess it didn't
really apply to me anymore he's like I
guess I'm not really like your avatar
and I was like you're 100's
Avatar like you are exactly who I'm
going after and then I was like oh I'm a
and I just basically it's like you
you get you get it's a balance you like
you want to listen to customers but you
also want to make sure you're listening
to the right customers and so um I
reoriented all my my content which maybe
some of you guys have seen um and it's
been 100% back to business has been the
the theme that we have internally my
guys now um is that if it's not business
we don't make it just very
straightforward like it can be business
adjacent so like if I talk about you
know prioritizing like tasks in my day
that can have some element of
productivity into to it but it's like
all my examples are going to be business
related and so but by doing that when I
looked objectively across metrics for
site conversion opin Book Sales
applications to the portfolio all of
those metrics went up even though the
average view per video went
down and so it's like I'm not in this to
get famous I'm in this to make money
cool question um I wonder if anybody has
I this might be for everybody but like
has anybody done anything to when they
do have a turned customer to get them
back into to being a customer or send a
funny gift you just send a funny gift in
a DM ask credit perur you have you seen
him yeah ask him for his message he's
apparently got some message he DMS
people with a funny gift and it gets
people to reactivate it say it's like
something like leaving so soon is kind
of like the vibe is kind of yeah but you
want to get the funny gift of course
yeah and it's just within school yeah
okay so no email SMS or anything like
that our sales team has that for uh
ghosted leads a Kevin Hart meme that's
like I think that might be it I think
that's what he's using
yeah and uh yeah it like it gets higher
response rates than any any message this
next clip is about growing the business
even Beyond you meaning who are you
going to bring on your team to help you
get to where you're trying to go and if
the people that you're bringing on keep
being dumb and making stupid mistakes
it's not their fault it's yours and the
good news is it's a skill that you can
fix and in this part I'll break down how
I get the best talent how we recruit
them how I hire them and how we train
them so they can win hiring related
stuffing delegating low stuff just
delegating low leverage stask so I can
focus on like be specific well for me I
know that if I spent 100% of my time on
just YouTube making YouTube videos I can
get to like 100k or even 150k a month
but right now it's like 15 to 20% of my
time so just everything else but what is
that well building the modules
delivering the product um calls
appearing on calls
everything about Community because you
kind of need to do all of those things
yeah
yeah but like there is a lot of stuff
like you know maybe emails like sorting
priorities like calendar all of those
things like could be outsourced so like
I'm wondering in what order like do I
hire so I can basically spend 100% of my
time on the thing I have the most
expertise in well building out the
modules is Mo mostly a one-time thing
and then once that's done that'll be off
your play
the emails are 100% Outsource they're
plenty of copywriters who can write
emails for you and I'd recommend taking
somebody who's in the community who
knows your voice and can give you like a
good V1 draft and then you just tweak it
and send it the calls you want to
basically just show up like that's I
mean more or less that's kind of how we
run this like I show up we do the Q&A
and then I move on with my life and I
treat it just like it's a meeting and I
do it on my meetings day cuz I do
meetings on Mondays and so we do it on
that day cuz it's the lease disruption
for how I work and so if you have so I
I'm I'm going to have a really big piece
about this coming out soon but basically
the difference between maker and manager
time so if you have deep work that's
what I consider maker time and a lot of
people in any organization you got
copywriters video editors coders like
they have they have to just like get
really deep into a project and you want
to minimize time on meetings as as much
as possible so that they can work
basically when they're on a meeting
they're not working there are managers
which is the opposite which is for them
being on meetings is working right right
uh and coordinating between things and
talking to vendors and uh I mean like
sales guys customer support like those
are those are people who like when they
meet is when they work and so those are
both fine the problem is when they
intersect and so managers start
interrupting makers uh from making and
the problem is that makers only have 14
time blocks a week you've got one
morning block and one afternoon block
and that's it like I'm sure when you're
making a YouTube video it's not like you
can't split it between two meetings
right like you need a whole big chunk of
time managers though can spread their
time in 15minute increment
and so they have 20 time slots a day but
a Maker only has two and if you take one
maker slot up it's like you just killed
one 14th of my week right and so there's
a disproportionate cost for a manager
compared to a maker when it comes to
calendaring now you're the entrepreneur
because you're like how why is this
relevant for me is that you do both and
so what's been I me like if I had to bet
like my single greatest return on time
habit that I have was that the first 6
hours of my day since I was poor has
always been zero meetings
and it was just that well shoot but
people started calling cuz I had Rick
and mortar you know gym people started
walking in at 5:00 a.m. right so I was
able to take you know like lock my door
to my office um and I just was like
morning sessions I don't I don't
participate in but as of 10:00 a.m. I
would then start working and being out
there so from 4:00 to 10: was my 6 hours
every day and then from then on I just
knew it was just fires but that still
allowed me to move the ball forward so I
only got a maker like basically five
maker slots during the week but then on
Saturday Sunday I got four more so I got
nine blocks of time throughout the week
that I could do like major big work and
so if you can look at orienting your
calendar so that I mean now I only have
one day which is Mondays where I do any
coordination or any calls or anything
and the rest of my week is truly empty
like truly I can show you my calendar
it's empty and that takes time to get to
but that's because that's like the team
knows that if I have an empty calendar
we make more money and so for you you
have to try and push as much into that
one day as you possibly can and that
also means that if someone's like hey
I've got this person that you should
meet and it's on a Wednesday in the
afternoon and it's one meeting you just
say no yeah I think I honestly have to
do but that's the only time I can make
then you're like then I guess we're not
going to meet I think I have to do the
time study you suggested like the timer
every 15 minutes cuz like it's you know
it's kind of hard to go in retrospect
like where did the entire day go like
but like you're working all day but like
what was achieved right maker time like
when you have a maker block you know
exactly what you're going to be doing
you have the one thing that you're
working on and sometimes it takes five
blocks in a row to get that one thing
done like what the is the school
games like I'll bet you it took more
than one maker I know it did but I'm
saying and in terms of the people you're
hiring like especially at a small
business scale like do you is it better
to just hire somebody who can get the
job decently done or should I wait like
until there's like a killer um that's a
that's a tough question um I it's a it's
a super tough question I would say that
it's going to basically you can you can
see the Arbitrage between how much more
you get back for the time basically so
let's say we take let's just do an
example let's say you bring in a
mediocre email writer if the defici the
discrepancy between how good your emails
are versus their emails but the time you
save not writing the email goes into
YouTube for example if you can make up
the trade then it's worth
doing does that make sense I think you
would benefit the most from just a
generalist person so someone who's
hardcore fan of yours already emerging
in the community is already doing the
stuff kind of for free probably would be
stoked to work with you won't cost you
too much money and we'll learn
everything as you go with you and
they'll just do everything that doesn't
make sense for you to do probably like
you probably have a few customer support
tickets or emails they'll do those I
mean M already does that for me but oh
you already have someone the issue is
that he's still in school so it's like
part-time basically so I probably need
one more person quit just get him to
quit yeah get him to quit he's 16 yeah
get him to quit is that legal is that
legal
um D you're going to learn so much more
doing this but his mom would kill
me I think well don't don't say don't
blame it on him yeah don't blame it on
him that's all fight his
mom David y'all definitely need group on
boarding though ASAP bro that's like the
next thing up for y'all that's I I
learned group on boardings from the
first day one recordings y'all need
those ASAP bro yeah another thing is uh
you could get an EA like if you have
some like tedious tasks like when I got
my executive assistant it like saves So
Much Time on My play if it's just like
tedious things are a little bit simple I
don't know if you you probably have like
a bunch of stuff that's like simple
stuff that you have to do that you could
just pay somebody like you know like
offshore Talent like you know anywhere
from like six to eight bucks an hour to
do that yeah David do you have a Setter
like anybody in your DMs no bro you need
that ASAP too bro a Setter in your DMs
and group onboarding calls and your your
community is about to your turn will go
way down and you'll get a lot of would I
give somebody my school password to go I
mean you'd probably set up a mini chat
account or G like one of these other
people you're talking about yeah we're
talking about in your uh social media
yeah yeah like drive like everything
from YouTube to the page cuz it's
YouTube oh okay sales do you don't have
any following on social media well
everything go on YouTube basically like
no Instagram no nothing like that I mean
not really are you collecting any phone
numbers oh no so even in you're free
school you don't ask the most simplest
funnel possible he's he's younger
generation man they don't do this I
mean like people are telling me to add
email right and like eventually I
probably have to add it but like I like
my simple funn you know so dude I didn't
send emails for 9
years Jim said no emails
wow I I I say that to point out at the
extreme of like whenever people are like
you have to like you don't have like
there's no col them hm did you collect
them yeah I mean I collect them cuz I
like I felt like I had to but like I I
did nothing with them like truly nothing
that eventually I hired someone and they
just send an emails and I just like was
like I don't want to read them like I'll
kill everyone how many more years do you
have in school uh two in high school and
then I mean well he's your bottleneck
cuz he's school is your bck
okay school is my B neck for school yeah
your constraint yeah for sure pick
one if you're going to get if you're
going to get into entrepreneurship then
like whatever you know I mean I mean I I
I try not to to tell people to quit high
school but like I just don't think it
like so your fingers worth it to quit
just it's just the system is so like
what are you learning yeah I mean right
not much yeah
right you're like so I want to not learn
a lot of stuff so that I can learn not
much for most of my time I get it like I
mean I it's very tough I get that but
it's still like yeah if you're going to
go to Mid school or like be a lawyer or
be an investment banker or work at
Goldman Sachs or like maybe you were
going to do computer science at Stanford
then sure stay in school but if you're
not going to do that it's useless yeah
if you going if you're going to
entrepreneurship then like there is no
degree that's
required okay yeah just a thought even a
business degree is crap oh yeah it's
irrelevant yeah I have a I have a
similar we well we have a similar
problem with delegation so for the
promos and for all the engagement that
Justin has to do in the community it's
hard to find time to like balance both
of both those two both of those things
and really the big bottleneck is
deciding if we're going to have a
videographer with us all the time or
like hire someone on a project for
project basis where do you think works
better out of the two um honestly I
think he just needs a videographer that
he likes a lot I got Sam laska there
that's right and know he's with me all
the time yeah it's it's been the most
difficult part like we've been searing
for a videographer for like I mean
basically years at this point yeah
probably
year it's not that hard of a roll feels
like feels like new yeah but um but yeah
it's it's cuz all them they just they
end up dropping off really really
quickly I don't know they just they they
don't like maybe it's a culture fit
thing could be that but like it's been
really difficult to find all the roles
for sure someone who's going to stick
with us travel with us who made you
want I feel like anyone in this room
would want to do
it said there's so much value just being
with Alex every day they'll be people in
your audience but does he not want
someone following him with a camera no
no I mean we we definitely would prefer
that no but him it's him who yeah he he
wants someone following us but like it's
it would be Thomas but like Thomas isn't
he he's not a videographer like he's
he's a he's a different role entirely so
he wants someone to follow on he wants
someone who like can like have good ban
or will push him sometimes like someone
who's like a friend gang yeah has you
made a post about it oh yeah we make we
do do hiring post basically every single
month why doesn't he just learn how to
use a
camera oh that that's actually what I
used to do at won't point so why the
you don't you pull out a camera I
could yeah yeah you're already friends
if that's the element and you know how
to use a camera I mean
you I mean the only thing that's
I'm still like thrown off by is like
zillions of people have come in and I'll
bet you that many of the people who've
applied would have been a fit so I just
it might just be a weird hiring process
you guys have I mean when we when we run
our things actually how did you come in
I applied for Leela's
videographer and I was like you're with
me yeah um yeah should he had Jason I
agree on the feeling P though if
someone's going to be following you
around all the time like the vibe is
more important than the skill yeah than
anything the skill is not the thing it's
just the like Vibe of having them with
you all the time Daniel asked me on the
last question in the interview he was
like well what's what's like cuz I was
telling him I was like listen I'm going
to be like hey we're going to do this
big thing and you're going to set up and
then I'm going be like nah just kidding
and it's going to happen all the time
and then
also uh like you're going to have plans
and then you're going to have to cancel
them last minute cuz we go late and like
basically it's just going to be chaos
and I can be in a bad mood and I can be
tough sometimes and I just like painted
that picture he was like God it I'm here
for it but um he's like what do you like
I'm really experienced I think you were
like I'm a really high caliber
videographer what do you need a
professional for yeah what do you need a
professional for is what he asked me and
he's like what's the most important
thing for you to me and I was like like
I really thought about it and I was like
you like
me that's really it did did you uh start
off sorry what was your name Daniel
Daniel did you start off like absolute
Pro with the with cameras no I had to
learn how to use
Cameron when you started when you
started started with
Alex I'm referring to when you started
with Alex were you already good oh
yeah no so I I say that because like
I'll bet you that there's like people in
that list if you have had thousands of
people apply who are videographers like
there's definitely somebody in there
who's an exceptional videographer and so
for me I honestly like I am I am
grateful that Daniel has a skill that he
has and can like edit bangers and do all
sorts of like he's a weapon he can do
lots of things but like for me if his
skill was half of what it was but but I
like him as much as I like him that
would have been enough this is just like
your skills are just bonus for me um but
it was just like we have such a sick
Vibe on the on the media team I think we
have a sweet like the team's awesome um
and so like I've had a videographer in
the past that I and nothing wrong with
the guy I just like wasn't I didn't like
look forward to you know what I mean it
was just like work like okay sit down
and like every Court stop and it came
out in the came out in the footage and
so like I have to look forward to there
should feel I should feel no friction or
no hesitation to having Daniel around
like I'm not worried if he's around if
I'm saying I don't have to edit myself
um and like that is number one you've
got he's got to like me and I've got to
because it's both it's both ways cuz he
like if you don't like someone you can
capture it very differently like on some
level like you can make someone look
very different if you don't like like
them and um and so it has to be both
directions like both people have to have
to get along with each
other that that's probably something we
ever really looked at we cuz sometimes
we want like really really nice stuff
it's like mov level you know with the SC
motion shots and whatnot and obviously
when we look at the application I
prioritize liking a person and the thing
is is like I bet you if there was
something that we're like hey can you
learn Adobe something you'd be like sure
I like it'll take me a couple weeks but
I'll figure it out and like if you have
that type of person it's like I just
it's so much harder to find someone you
like than it is to find someone who has
the base skill at least in my opinion
with this
role so I would just I would prioritize
someone that Justin likes and then
that's it and then from there like the
other skills I remember where you
mentioned this I was watching some of
your content you said you been kind of
made a system for how when someone was
filming you they're nodding they're
bringing you your nicotine and all that
kind of stuff y so y all the I mean
Daniel's always got Nicorette caffeine
water Gatorade he's got he's a full full
full service um at all times he's always
ready I was putting that up there yeah
yeah no it's super awful and like after
every every recording session it's kind
of like on a foul shot for basketball
like everyone everyone pounds afterwards
like it's just like we always do that
like w like you guys can't see it cuz
you guys are looking at me but I can see
them and like they're nodding the whole
time while were're filming because they
know that that cuz when we thought
activities right what are the things cuz
so Caleb who runs the whole team he was
obviously Higher One and so he had the
camera first and um that was the first
time I had a vrf that I really liked and
I was like oh man like Caleb's cool as
like this like this feels this
isn't this is easy right and I was like
what makes it and then so then Caleb
obviously moved up and then he stopped
being at the filming session so we had
you know two or three guys there at the
filming sessions and I was like man this
feels heavy like what's like why does
this feel different and so then we had
to backtrack and be like what what does
he do that is different than what other
people do other people were like the
vibe is like Vibe I don't care what
does he do and what he did was he would
nod while I was while I was going and
after every filming thing he was like
that was awesome like sick that
was so dope and then he also listened
and he had really engaging questions
that he'd be like so how does that
relate to this or how does that so the
followup questions were great and they
could slice that up and that made for
really good content because the the
questions he had was questions that the
audience had and so it's just looking at
like what are all the little micro
things and then you make that into a
checklist and that's why I think most
people can't teach anything is because
they don't get it down to like what are
the
behaviors and so now the team I mean the
whole team knows that when they film
it's like a whole
thing did you like buy out a bunch of
people or like no we do so we so I'll
tell you the quick process and then
we'll we'll move to a different topic
but um we do the big application gave a
big raw file told everybody they had 48
hours to submit uh the raw for that way
everybody's work off the same thing cuz
if everybody can just pull from whatever
then the quality of the content is going
to be a huge Factor whereas if everyone
pulls from the same raw the quality of
the editor is going to be the thing that
shines through and so um this is from
the editing perspective if we're doing
videographers then yeah it's going to be
way more about Vibe like in terms of our
our Dynamic um but for editing uh then
they would submit and so from 1,200 we
got 60 subm just to give you Ana like 5%
of people actually submitted Riley did
you come from from one of our contests
uh no I was reached out to but it was
pretty similar process like applied gave
me W file edited yeah and so then they
turn it in and then um you know Caleb
would look at all of them and be like
these three guys are sick and then
they'll interview those guys and then
however many of them are cool we
out that's fundamentally how we do it
like we test for skill for editing we
test for skill and then we test for Vibe
because it's way easier to go like from
1,200 down to a much smaller with from
skill um from a Vibe
perspective um what was the process for
you for videographer stuff I did like
four
interviews actually five
interviews um one with Caleb two with
Frank and then one with you and then one
with you was intense I was like this is
a test everything's test you had like
one really tall chair and one small
chair is's like pick one I was like I'm
s a small
chair hilarious
that wasn't a
test yeah yeah that's funny um so yeah
hopefully that give you a little bit
Insight yeah the
sure yeah it's really all about the
chair sizes this is what matters yeah
but Al like I needed somebody who wasn't
going to be trying to compete with me
you know what I mean um I just like I
don't I didn't want that energy I wanted
somebody who's like super laidback and
Daniel's as laidback as they get when
you didn't did gym launch you said that
you don't do emails like you didn't do
emails
how did you nurture your clients
then or like kept in contact with them
um you mean leads yeah I just got more
of them okay I'm being dead serious like
I mean like there were there many things
I probably should have done I just every
time someone's like do you want to start
emailing I was like h no and I didn't
want to give it to somebody else until
eventually they were like can we please
hire someone to just do this and I just
didn't look at
it I'm just I'm so particular with
written withu written word it's the it's
my primary way of communicating it's
like my like people despite the fact
that everyone on the internet sees me on
video like my books are better in my
opinion than anything I create but it's
also because I spend more time on them
than anything else and so when I see
someone write I'm like this makes no
sense this is completely unclear why do
like why do you
exist yeah but also I think I kind of
understand your question a bit and I'm
kind of like horos in this way is if
you've got something that working if
you've got something that's working that
isn't email and you can just keep
increasing the volume of what you're
doing then who cares and that was it we
just kept spending more money kept
making more money so I was like I could
do that or I could make more ads and
Crush yeah I mean honestly I think Sam
and I are so aligned with this which is
just like find something that works do
it as much of it as you possibly can and
eliminate everything else in real life
that's not that and that also includes
all your personal life
stuff like like this was a theme of the
whole last talk if you guys all heard it
we talked for like an hour maybe more on
this one topic of like everything that
you have like cooking cleaning laundry
getting your car filled up with gas like
all of this stuff if you know that you
can make more money with your time than
it than it cost you to get someone else
to do that then you should do that and
then you'll be amazed at how much extra
time you have if you're cleaning your
house or preparing your meals that's
going to be the best thing you learn
from this event is to to get someone
else to do that cleaning and meal prep
and groceries is like the lowest hanging
fruit so I calculated this ship on based
on us averages so just the big three
which is laundry cleaning and food
related those together are 96 hours a
month on average it's like I just found
you two and a half full work weeks of
time but and also that doesn't include
switching costs of like the cost of time
of like cleaning up like cleaning up
after you eat and well thinking about
when you're going to do it and what
you're going to eat and groceries and
what you're going to buy and putting
them back in the shelves and taking the
bags like all that I really want
like emphasize like the whole like
personal chef like housekeeper stuff
like I haven't been a coach for long my
first 6K pay in full I got like an
in-house Health team which is like a
housekeeper a chef and like a dietician
and stuff it's crazy but they're not
that expensive like I pay my I had a
maid and I pay her 150 bucks twice a
week to come over and I have a meal plan
I give it to her and she shops for the
food it's all Whole Foods they come over
they make it I have like 20 meals in my
fridge at all times they're like amazing
good like like Latino whipped up food
it's great and uh I was able to take
like three more sales calls a day and
that's a big reason why I Haven won the
school games like that was huge and you
also feel amazing about it it's like it
was like it seemed like it's like super
luxury investment like oh shark has a
private chef but it was it's 1,500 bucks
a month like if you do the math it's 96
hours it is $1,500 a month that's
literally like I have a big presentation
on it it's $15 and like 16 cents per
hour if you can make more than
$156 per hour with your time you should
do that it has nothing to do with luxury
it has everything to do with like what
is my return on time and like you can
just ignore every poor person who says
otherwise this is kind of for both of
you probably you Sam as well definitely
Sam um but I guess like when you're
building you know a startup um obviously
you know you might have sometimes you
might have a little bit lack of capital
A little lack of resources I guess how
do you get a players to work for you and
with you and how do you like structure
comp structures and all that so it like
you know go for it when you don't have
any money no no no no not we no no no
you maybe you're trying to get somebody
who's you know making decent money you
know already or you're wanting to get
you know we're making money but like you
want to get an a player team um but
you're still a startup you're not you
know yeah well it's really
hard it will probably take a long time
you'll probably want to
quit but but eventually like something
you'll just there'll be a chemistry I
think and a perfect fit with someone and
you just kind of have to give it enough
time until that thing happens and it and
you also have to offer something unusual
like for me it was offering the like
co-founder title to Daniel cuz I knew
when I found him that that was what I
needed to use
so programmer yeah might yeah
um and you know when I found him it was
like the perfect balance because he just
wanted to code he said I love to code I
can build anything all I need is someone
who can
dream and he was like if we've if you've
got some like money and you know what to
build and you can help us get customers
and and well I needed it was code like
then we're good and we we had like a
good chemistry how did yall meet if you
don't mind me asking I did 600
interviews did you have a like a a hedg
hunter so all I did for a year how did
you find how did you get the interviews
did you work with like a I worked with
many different recruiters hacking
news like I tried honestly bit of
everything plus I had to hire five of
the wrong people too so it's not like I
just got it right like it was the most
brutal thing I ever did do you do you
have like I I hear people talking about
doing more interviews do you feel like
there's ever like a sense of uncertainty
like after you get to a certain point
you're like damn option number one two
and three are good or whatever like what
do you
think yeah like some people I swore were
great and they weren't at all
and I'm sure some people were great and
I didn't see it and I missed them but
how can I know about those um but in the
end like Daniel my co-founder he was
like there was chemistry and I think I
didn't I ignored
I was too logical back then but I think
I've come to realize now that the
chemistry is really important and I pay
way more attention to that now
ultimately you're not going to know
until you hire them right
but you just have to talk to a lot of
people
too I feel like there's there's been
this case where I feel like everybody
wants to be an entrepreneur you know so
like when I'm trying to you know hire
people it's almost like they ra they're
like i' rather do that myself or rather
do what kind of person uh just you know
uh I guess like high level people for a
growth partner agency so like somebody
who can like be a growth partner
essentially or be a you know I think I
think me and Chris's problem is we're
unicorns and and we provide our people
with like we cover all the bases so we
need more people like us yeah and then
yeah so we even we've even talked to
some people that we know aren't
making you know that much money and like
hey man I'll pay you triple what you're
making right now you know I'm like
managing School
communities and they're like I'd rather
do my own thing and it's just like wait
what you know what I mean it's like a
disconnect I think sometimes so I don't
know like it's like I can't yeah the
money is not the thing right right
absolutely cuz you know when with us
we're like competing with Google NASA
SpaceX Tesla so everyone's trying to
throw money at them MH and they show us
their DMS on LinkedIn and stuff it's
insane like the amount of recruiters
right um so money can't do it
like it has to be something
else
right in your case do you think it's
like the
environment well what when I got my
co-founder or when we get people now
like everybody well the hardest one is
getting the co-founder in the beginning
because you don't have anything so right
that's the hard one but with time now
the way we get it is through internal
referrals so if we have great people and
they've worked at places like coin most
of our talent comes from
coinbase and riot games because we've
got some of their best engineers and
they know everyone and when they tell
they're like hey how you going over Riot
or coin or okay burn out dude this place
is badass where I am and they trust that
person because that person isn't a
recruiter they're the probably the best
software engineer these other people
have worked with and so the word means a
lot what about people like that aren't
cerss though like what about like you
know Andrew or like Matt you know oh
that that's a different side of the
business so that comes from your
customers so Matthew who's running our
podcast he came from the community and
like he
showed he was making podcast episodes
for
free and then he flew to the first
school games he paid for it himself he's
from
Ireland like who on
indeed is going to do that
I don't know if you've ever tried indeed
it's so bad but yeah but you look from
them within I think like Kirby was in my
Mastermind and then he made this free
community called synthesizers he was one
of he was on the leader boards for
school
Community right so's like okay he's
committed then Kirby hired wictor
where's
wictor there he is because he was his
most engaged member in synthesizers so
you see and then wcta hired this guy
called
Nas cuz he was someone who connected
with him on school too and now Nas is
referring someone I love it yeah I think
that's what we're hoping for right like
whenever you're like don't like with
that being said we don't have the best
people in the world but we're we're kind
of rooting through internal it starts
with one yeah but if you don't get that
one you'll never get anyone else we have
a few good really good people I'd say
but yeah have you pushed them for
referrals um yeah but I think I think
the big thing is get getting the high
level people so we have really good like
um executors not really good leaders
that's one thing that we we have like
I'm I'm literally I'm managing like I
feel like I have to run like five
meetings a day almost you know for our
team so it's just like excessive it's a
lot yeah it's excessive so I would
challenge the structure
then the vision for the business has to
be big enough that smart people can fit
their dreams inside of it and so if you
want break
then you need people who like they need
to be able to believe that their dreams
can come true within your vision if it's
again if it's like yeah we've just got a
couple groups that we're running and
we're making money then it's like that
doesn't like really get me motivated if
I'm intelligent I'm CU like the best
people have there's no lack of
opportunity for the best people they
have tons like you have to think about
this is It's a totally different game
like you're if you're accustomed to
taking people who like I really want a
job all of those people are irrelevant
you have to be people who are like in
some ways you're competing for them so
the more you're competing for a prospect
like selling them and so if you feel
like like I'll tell you the funny one is
like if you're interviewing people where
you're like sell me on why I should take
you if you say that to somebody who's
actually really talented they'll be like
I'm good
like they just like they just don't like
I you have to respond to this offer
within 12 hours it's like okay well I
think you hit the nail right there for
me like their Vision has to be our
vision needs to be big enough for their
dreams to you have to be able to say
like what we want to do is we want to
make music money into the standard for
this and then they have to believe with
a decent amount of certainty that it's
possible and so like how you guys
present like you are absolutely selling
them and so like I think Drew this about
on on a past one but everybody here
understands you know lead generation
lead nurture sales onboarding and then
you know retention Ascension right
that's the how you do with customers
right this is the exact same process for
an employer you generate applications
you nurture applications the sale is the
interview you onboard the employee and
then either retain them or Ascend them
it's the same thing and so you basically
have to understand the acquis like this
is when we get into scaling because
everyone's like two or three people are
like what's scaling is it's just where
the inflow of talent into the business
matches the inflow of customers into the
business and you have to have an
exceptional conversion process for
attracting Talent this is where brand
counts double it counts once on the
front end for customers and again on the
back end for talent and it becomes
either a virtuous cycle or a vicious
cycle either destroys your business you
have a bad brand because what do you
think what like what um like great
talent will look at your reviews and be
like oh yeah never mind they would work
at a good place so I guess and last
question I guess what what would be the
best way to like acquire Talent is it
just building a personal brand like in
our field of work cuz I don't think it's
necessarily like I can't I don't feel
like I can find the right people on
LinkedIn or something like that you know
for what we're trying to do it needs to
be people who are kind of like already
kind of entrepreneurs or people who are
in more of like the sales or manager
manager field it really depends on what
role you're looking for but I can
promise you that very smart people are
on LinkedIn do you know how I
um I I looked I got invited to speak at
something and I looked at who else was
speaking there and I saw hor mosy was
speaking there and I was all right
there's my
opportunity that the first time we met
in person yeah honestly so cool was
that one year before I spoke about doing
a deal but you have to like be strategic
sometimes
yeah and then so you have to kind of do
this old school networking thing which I
hate
because it's like the only time I've
ever done that the deal is like the one
deal to never do that again um but yeah
you kind of have to do that I had to
start going to like these software
things I had to start to meet some
software Engineers I had to learn about
their world I had to ask people about
why does what do you hate as a software
engineer what do you like what makes a
good company what makes a Bad Company
you have to like learn everything about
it and network and do that it it really
sucks honestly but if you're serious
about it I knew there was no way I could
build school without this person so I
delayed starting it by a year just to
find the
person yeah so I was like I'm not even
going to start until I find them like
that's how essential I knew they will
that's why I tell everyone to not do
software it's just because the scale of
how difficult it is to actually do a
right is so hard that
like no one basically no one does it
right even when you know even if you
know what you're doing most people can't
do it and most people who are quot in
the info world are like oh my info thing
is INS sellable so I'm going to build
software and they just think that like
white labeling high level means they had
a software company um
like but I mean right and or they create
some widget that someone else can
duplicate in 5 seconds that they did off
with an offshore developer that like if
it actually did work then that developer
would hold you Ransom and then what like
they just don't play it out two steps
and the code anyways and it's all
it all sucks like yeah don't do it yeah
and someone were like you're just you
don't want us to succeed that's why cuz
you're you're doing so I was like no man
I saw that Sam put five years in I was
like great okay I saw the metrics I was
like okay this is legit I spent all my
money and it still wasn't enough
yeah I had to spend like twice that
again yeah thank you guys for that too
by the way that that's going to help a
lot I apprciate this for real yeah I
mean the personal brand thing is just
good for recr like if you have one it's
great it helps a lot um but at the end
of the day if the if the if the business
that you're trying to build solves a
real problem and you really genuinely
care about the problem if you find
someone else who also cares about that
problem they will be more likely to work
with you like that's fundamentally
it what are you sorry last question fun
what do you think about creating a an
offer to train people to do what you are
trying to eventually staff for like how
I'm growing yeah like you know like in
training there was a point there was a
point in time I had a closer program I
was training closers and I was Staffing
them you know what I mean and then I was
I stopped doing that cuz there's so many
closer training programs but right now I
really need grow Partners people who can
lead and manage our clients and kind of
oversee everything what do you think
about like I know there's a growth
operator thing but they're not you know
like in my mind like they don't have all
the skill sets necessarily what if
someone you know created a program to
train people I don't think you create
another business of software role okay
depends if it's like I know with a
software
engineer no one's going to be any decent
in 10 years maybe a prodigy in six or
seven but like there's just no
shortcutting it like I mean my
co-founder's done 20 so the years matter
and the same is true with a lot of
things like there's just years so like
but some other things might be different
like setting okay yeah you can teach
that closing yeah you can probably teach
that but these more high level strategic
things yeah that ain't happening like it
took me 10 years like so are you
going to wait 10 years
is no yeah it's it's like fundamentally
every skill is trainable the question is
whether it's worth the return on effort
and the resources to train someone with
it if you break things down enough you
can train someone to do anything it's
just that if someone lacks has zero meta
skills they don't know how to read they
don't know how to write they know how to
talk you could teach someone to do all
that stuff it's just why
bother so I'd rather take someone who's
already here and then just nudge them if
I can with you know proper training that
just Bridges the gap between all the
skills they come in with and then
applying that to my business you got
it cool appreciate it yeah always I mean
the people is the reason that most
internet marketers in general can't make
money I'm sorry they they make money but
they don't make like big money is that
they just can't they can't they don't
know how to operate people and that's
usually because they need like a right
hand a true right hand who can who's as
good as
them and like Lea will never get the
credit that she deserves and that's fine
um but like the reason that all of our
stuff is so big is because she's so good
at at building like she's an
unbelievable Builder and so like the
culture of the team is Rock Solid I mean
the guys will tell you like Lila really
runs the like Ila runs acquisition.
comom like I I really like she really
does she does like Lea runs everything
like I I mean I told you I have an empty
calendar I can't have an empty calendar
and and also have a business that's
running unless someone else is actually
doing it Lela takes 15 meetings a day
she operates she's she she's
coordinating things between different
departments she's checking on portfolio
company she's having you know one once
of people who having some sort of
emotional breakdown about some craziness
whatever um she handles all that with a
smile you know what I mean and so but
like I I I was we were talking earlier
like I capped at $3 million a year and
then when Lela came in 24 months later I
took home 17 million in income
net and so the difference was that she
liked people and I tried to avoid
them and that was the problem and so she
her like Lea's genuine Vision in life is
to build a company that people love
working at that's her whole like the
whole reason that she like she gets up
like her internal mission is to build a
company that people love being at every
day and so her vision just fits within
my vision and so I recruited her to do
it but like if we didn't do stuff that
she liked we'd like she wouldn't build
it so I very much like especially the
more talented the people that you bring
on the more you like like they don't
need pushing like they know what they're
doing you just need to make sure that
they're doing it in the direction and
you kind of do this yeah the amount of
training that you have to give someone
is inversely proportional to the skills
that they come in with so the more spe
basically the the less skilled the
person the more specific the
instructions so like Sam could basically
just be like hey can you just promote
school a lot and I'd be like yeah he's
not like hey could you make make these
posts and write this copy and send these
emails and run ads and make the hooks
like this like that exchange has
literally never occurred like I don't
even know if Sam sees the ads before
before they they go out Moi takes me the
other day he was like when does the
activation stuff come out and I said
last
Thursday no like for real like I already
did
it and then he was like I've seen this
and I was like yeah I've already been
thinking about that we've got something
coming like we don't even I've already
thought about the next four things and
we've got things ready so by the time he
has the idea I'm like yeah we got it
don't worry do your thing and then I'm
like cool let me tell you what what I'm
doing on the media side it's like oh
great like these are all the things
that I'm ramping up this the system
we're putting in place like we changed
our Cadence like things like that it's
like oh dope I don't even want to think
about YouTube so like if I had to tell
him stuff oh my God like
yeah but it's good to divide it like
that cuz I can just focus on this stuff
he can focus on that stuff Kirby can
focus on his stuff we have very good
like division like that yeah the amount
of Direction you need to give someone is
inversely proportional to the skill they
have yeah someone could just be like hey
can you build this company and be like
sure people will complain like if people
it's always a sign of noticed when
people complain there's no
communication have you has anyone had
this as an
issue um like with teams maybe a lot of
you don't have teams yet but bad
communication communication sometimes
it's always the
complaint yeah I found it's interesting
that one
because you don't really need to
communicate a whole lot when you get the
right people like hosi said like a
couple of words and I was like don't
worry I got it like what happen like
right but sometimes if you hire the
wrong person there's no amount of
communication that can ever make it work
and it's
exhausting and just still doesn't work
and I think I understood this I think I
told this at one of the previous ones
but how you know what a good culture is
is this story of Google in the early
days so Larry Page searched for
something in the ads that showed up were
not relevant to the words he typed in he
took a screenshot he printed it off he
got a red marker and he wrote These ads
suck he walked over to the engineers and
he pinned it up on the wall and he
tapped it and one of them walked over
and picked it Off the Wall stayed up all
night that night and invented
AdSense which is their which has made
them hundreds of
billions chill so he didn't sit down
with them and be like look I think you
need to do this and this and this and
maybe this he just said these ads suck
right is that clear
communication I mean to him it was no
but that's what good talent is you can
just be like this thing they do this
yeah you don't even have to say do this
you can say this sucks sort it out like
and then they'll they'll be on it or
they might have already preempted what
sucks cuz they've already been thinking
about it so I always remember that when
people say oh like you need more
meetings or more communication like
there wasn't a meeting first of all
right there was there was slapping
something on the
wall yeah one of the most difficult
things this is like I think this from an
entrepreneur perspective in terms of
development is like has anyone here had
another business before
this yes okay did you achieve in this
business what you achieved in your last
business like in like from how long it
took you to get to that level in your
the business before versus how long it
took you to get to that level with this
business was it way
faster and so a lot of the reasons is
because you already beat the bosses up
to that level so it's kind of like
you're quickly retracing your steps and
then you get to a level that you don't
to your level of incompetence the
difficulty the the thing that takes the
longest in entrepreneurship is figuring
out what good looks like at each level
and it's one of those things that's
really hard to translate like you see
the billionaires on stage and they're
just like I you know get great people
and you're like
sure but the thing is is that connecting
what great people to them looks like in
their mind and what you think great
people are that is an ocean apart and so
I mean I tell this story and same when I
was talking about this last time but
like I when we started meeting with
private Equity firms
uh to to to look at transacting with gym
Lodge I we'd have these super long
tables that were these boardrooms and
I'd see their team all the way on this
side I saw my team all the way on this
side and I would just kind of sit there
and listen to like the questions that
they were asking and the responses that
my team had to be fair the team that we
had had built $100 million plus company
pre covid obviously I sold during Co
which actually hurt my valuation but not
the point um so they built a $100
million company which is cool but when I
saw this the town on this side I was
like oh that's why these guys are going
to make $3 billion over the next 5 years
this team and it was such a stark
contrast in terms of the level of talent
again not disrespecting my team it was
just such a difference that it was
literally like after that immediately I
was like my whole bar was just reset in
terms of the caliber of the people that
even existed in the world and everything
was like how on Earth do I get those
people to work for me and so like right
now some of you have like one person
who's like man I couldn't live without
that person there's somebody who's
literally 10 times better than that
person that exists right now and it's
just trying to figure out what you need
to do to get them on your team but the
problem that takes so long is looking at
what good talent in general looks like
but even when it gets R specific like
Sam had to do all this research to
figure out like how do good software
Engineers talk like what do they like
what do they want and so some of you
guys are at a point where you need to
like start hiring a sales director
something like that like what happens is
like this is the entrepreneural journal
it looks like you bring someone on you
talk to a bunch of people and then
you're like I think this guy's good you
bring him in and he sucks and that takes
six months away from the growth that you
would have had because your sales team
drops and this guy sucked you put bad
processes in then you got to fix the
process you got to fire the people that
guy hire cuz he sucked anyways and then
you're like shoot I'm going to try again
you bring the next guy in and then
sometimes it happens again and you're
like wow this sucked and then the third
time and sometimes this takes a year or
two years and then you're like I now
know and you get lucky and you get one
who actually works and you're like oh
this is what a great sales director
looks like and so the next time you go
through your entrepreneur JY like you go
right to there and then you're like
shoot I don't know what a good customer
success person looks like and then you
try again and so it's like however
quickly you can work through that so you
can start recognizing the pattern of a
what good looks like in general and then
B what it what good looks like for a
specific role that's how quickly you
move through the levels that's been my
experience with this and I wish I try
and do everything I can to try and
translate that into the stories that I
tell with the content but sometime it's
really tough because people like nod but
like that is that is the secret sauce
like that is it is being able to
recognize like what a good growth
partner looks like what a good even a
good agency I've have good I have good
agencies that we work with now the vast
majority of them 95% of them are dog
some of you guys run
[Laughter]
them so you know what I'm
saying so like that's that's that's
that's the pattern recognition that's
the highest value thing that you end up
learning as an entrepreneur is what what
good looks like so obviously like I'm
I'm doing a lot of the management for
our community and that includes like
making posts from from as
Jus and obviously Justin has like lots
of businesses you know like construction
he's going to be like on helicopter soon
like shooting whatever so and how how
could we maximize his time within the
community cuz right now he's doing two
calls two calls a month I mean I mean if
you if you modeled what I mean what my
contribution right now is I do one call
a week and we do this once a month
that's my contribution and then I ad hoc
look at you know I poke around and I see
what people are asking and then I end up
usually just like I haven't committed to
anything I just write one or two posts a
week sorry a month that are just
whatever is kind of top of mind you said
like on the calls that you do right like
you treat it like a meeting like a on
the calls for the school games like the
weekly or the monthly call you just kind
of sit there and just like treat it like
a yeah they're Q&A they're like this
when he said like a meeting he batches
it on the day that he does all of his
meetings yeah I do my school call on my
day where I have all my meetings so it's
not as disruptive as if he was like I
don't know writing a book and then he
had to switch gears to do a zoom and
then switch back into the book that's
that's going to take more than an hour
or like I can't record like if we're
going to go record you know some YouTube
videos or something and that's my whole
warning I can't like start recording
YouTube videos and be like hold on guys
and then like go take a call and then go
back to record like it just doesn't work
and Kirby's there to make it less taxing
on hosi so hosi doesn't have to scan the
chat or pick the questions yeah so like
if you're going to do a call have
someone like Kirby on so you're Kirby in
this like I would just literally model
what what he what what Kirby does on a
regular basis and just just replace
roles it's same same setup and you
record them and it turns into content
yeah I also record them too so I so so
Daniel's but you got I mean actually
shoot you guys have probably seen some
of them me yelling at the at the laptop
I don't know if you see him on Instagram
but um some of them done really well um
but he's right there I've got my webcam
here and
so those get clipped into content for me
so it's like I'm doing delivery for the
people you know for the school Community
but I'm also getting clips for marketing
and those get those get hammered out so
it's you get double
do you record your course yeah and I
post them in a call recordings with time
stamps as well in the classroom page you
make content with it are you guys
recording it with another camera like
for we we could make content with it we
we haven't done it yet I'd recommend it
because like you'll get the I'll bet you
you get the most heated yeah you get
like super heated I get I mean I get
heated on the calls cuz if you can use
it for many purposes it's a much more
efficient use of time yeah cuz that 1
hour made content it bought in customers
it delivered value it made a recording
do you know what I mean and then people
also ask like if you think about this
publicly if you're promoting a snippet
people are like how do I get on those
calls MH and then he just yeah people
really like when like Justin gets really
passionate about like things that he's
just interested in on a daily basis so
yeah those those those probably those
moments will probably be the best reals
or whatever yeah all my best Clips are
just moments where I just freak out at
someone so this next part's super
important it's about client and Avatar
selection so one of the big reasons a
lot of businesses suck to actually
operate is that you have too many
different customers who want too many
different things and so you had to
promise lots of different things to
everybody to get them to buy but now you
got to deliver on all those different
things to all those different people and
so learning to sell and specifically
learning how to sell the right people
and say no to the wrong people is a
skill that will absolutely unlock growth
and profit in the business because
you'll get more of the right people
because you'll talk to them and you'll
Ward away the ones that suck I have one
little question how do uh how did you
and kale meet or you know how did CL
really same story that's so cool man he
had a clay his gym was losing money he
was working a 9 to-5 job he would work
from 5:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. at his gym
teaching sessions he'd go to his job at
9:30 or whatever work from 9:00 to 5 go
back to his gym teach all the evening
sessions 5 6 7 8 his wife had just had a
baby she was pregnant with her second
child all of his income from his primary
business went into the gym that was
losing money and they had nothing left
over and so he called me up or he didn't
call me up and like he responded to an
ad and I got on the sales call and and
um I was like all right it's whatever it
was at the time he was like he was
honestly the first 10 customers I sold
um and he was like I I would buy this I
need this um but I just gave my last 10
grand or my only 10 grand to this coach
that was going to teach me how to have
an online Fitness business and I was
like do you have an online Fitness
business and he was like no I it didn't
it didn't work or whatever
I was like well what if we just made
your gym make money would that be more
he's like yes I'm fine with just making
my gym make money and so um I asked him
put 1,000 bucks down and he like put
$1,000 onto a credit card or something
that's so beautiful bro that's so that's
sick he made $38,000 in his first 30
days I I think I think that's the
coolest story in the world whenever you
give some like give somebody the chance
to buy an at a thousand knowing you you
probably never even let nobody buy
anything no everybody started a th000
bucks for the first three years
wow cuz all gym owners are broke all gym
owners are broke and so it's a th000
down th000 a week so the thing is is
that and this is what everyone in the
entire like the entire infos space still
doesn't get because everyone's like my
programs it's like no it's not it's not
it's not the average gym that still to
this day goes through gym watch makes
over $20,000 in additional new Revenue
in their first 30 days average average
first 30 days we track it because it's
such an important metric for us and the
reason that we have to do that is
because they don't have the money to pay
me what I want to get paid and so it's
was like I know that the system's going
to on average on average triple your
profit will go from 36,000 to 112,000 in
profit net of our fees is in after
you've paid us you'll make 112,000
that's the average over a
year but when you're broke it doesn't
matter because you're still broke and
you can't buy anything so it's like put
1,000 bucks down and I still needed him
to have money for ads so he had like
$3,000 I like keep two for ads give one
to me and you're going to run this ad
which is a video of
Ila you're going to run this ad to this
landing page that I've made you're going
to put your logo at the top and then
when these leads come in I was like
you're going to call them like you need
to feed your family which you do and so
it's exactly what he did and so um once
the you know the second payment came in
and I'd give them like a 14-day delay
because most of them didn't have any
money and so they would pay it they
collect cash from the people that were
coming in and they could make the
payments and then I gave them incentive
in the first 30 days to prepay the rest
of the thing at a discount and so that
way it turned $1,000 down into 16 Grand
in the first month and so my LTV to CAC
and my cash flow in terms of acquisition
was super strong um and then like we ran
that we ran that for very very very long
time I think like a year and a half ago
I think um after after I sold and Kel
took over he switched it from a front
end and back into just selling a year
for 36 I think is what it is um and so
that's what they do now and it's just uh
they bill every 28 days and I think it's
$29.97 or something like that a month so
it's you know 3K down or whatever and um
and that's and that's fundamentally what
happens but like I'm just saying like
the reason the niching is is useful is
that when you Niche down you can
productize the delivery like there's no
generic business quote Consulting that
can ever deliver as consistent of an
outcome as a very Niche business can
because imagine if you had to do it
generically you'd be like okay come up
with an offer make something free and
you'd want to run it to a lead gen page
and then when the leads come in you want
to call them quickly you have to talk in
generalities whereas I was like here is
the ad this is the landing page this is
how you set up your lobby when they walk
in say these words this is the price
you're going to sell at and by the way
here's the delivery for it here's the
mail plans here's the cookbook here's
the eating out guide here's all that
stuff you can put your logo on it you
can make it yours I already spent all
the time doing it and the sales training
they went through was the sales training
I put my trainers at my gyms through
which by the way my sales training was
less than 1 hour and so there's all this
closure training out there that's
hundreds of hours long but when I needed
to get guys to close it was 60 Minutes
it was like this is what you say to them
it wasn't psychology it wasn't like so
we want to increase their demand I was
like when they walk in the door say this
and then after they agree say the next
thing and if they don't agree you don't
move on until they agree then you go to
the next thing and then here's where you
ask for
money that was it cuz I wasn't trying to
make a course to impress people I was
trying to make a training that op one a
result and again I did turnarounds for 2
years and so like I had to give stuff
that to busy gym owners who hadn't paid
me cuz the the turnaround business they
didn't pay me so I had to make the
training for them like how do you do
nutrition was 130 minute video that was
it I was like this is the color template
weigh them in divide their weight by 10
which means you just move the decimal I
like had to break it down I was like
okay so means you have 21 food units put
the first eight over here this is all
their protein then you can tell them you
can scatter the rest between carbs and
fat you just do the yellow list got it
great have them take a picture with it
in front of them that way their numers
there put it against a wall like this
like there's just there's nothing they
could mess up and because of that
because all the variables were
controlled they all got a consistently
good outcome and they just took a long
time to do cuz I had actually done it at
multiple locations and then 30 plus
turnarounds in different markets so also
when I get the customer who is like this
won't work in my market I'm like I've
got five other gyms on your
block but people are very limited you
know I had a I had one of the gym
turnarounds that I did I launched the
gym this is important just for your
customers I launched the guy's gym and
when I decided to switch to licensing I
called back all the guys who hadd done
the turnarounds for I was like these
will be the easiest Sal they literally
saw me crank 100 grand out of their gym
in 3
weeks called one of the guys up and he's
like how do I know it's going to
work I was like I just did it in front
of you like I you saw me meet with 250
people and he's like well I don't know
if it's going to work worked for me and
I was like you will never win but like
some people are like
that and I was like it's not worth the
time just move on it's a really specific
situation so like so I started as a BDC
offer right but my top 10% of guys who
like really kill it are the existing
agency owners usually stuck at like a
certain range and I install like the
closer infrastructure and all that stuff
how if I wanted to explore that and make
that to 100% how would I deal with my
existing 40 guys who got in at a BC
offer who have this like expectation
that I that I could like the B Toc offer
is what a make money like a generic how
to start an agency offer
yeah yeah I would get rid of those yeah
well same thing with this way just like
again LTV to CAC like how much does it
cost to acquire them how much like when
when people were trying to decide
between avatars which by the way the
concern you have is the probably the
number one most common concern that
people have in business it's also one of
the biggest leverage points that you can
have is picking the right Avatar so
you're in this overarching space of
agency but
if you like almost always when you go up
Market you make more money almost always
and so when you deal with somebody who's
a higher quality Prospect they pay more
they're lower maintenance because they
already have more skills coming into it
um and so forth right and so if you just
look at CU I had a I had a hair salon uh
lady asked me this question so she was
like I have I'm getting 17 to1 um or
sorry 24 to1 uh selling uh um hair
stylist on my extension technique so she
had some extension technique that was
like extensions are like two grand and
it and if you and she had a technique to
do it in like 30 minutes so they could
make a ton of money in a very short
period of time and she's like and I have
business consulting or coaching or
whatever which has like 11:1 um LTV toac
she was like so should I focus on like
my business coaching offer or should I
just sell this hair extension just like
teaching how to do hair extensions which
is not really a business offer at all
it's just like how to it's like a hair
thing right and
so I just boiled it down to LTV to cak
times Tam so it's like if you have crazy
LTV attack and you have a massive Market
which she did there's way more hair
stylists who don't want business
coaching and just want to learn more
about hair so it's like you have both
more customers and a bigger discrepancy
between what it cost you and what you
make and so then the only thing is just
n and if there is a massive market then
you can crank n as in the number of
units sold by a timeon and so I was like
and from there you can cross sell the
coaching thing if you want to the
business Consulting but stop running two
two front ends focus on this one that
you have the greatest Arbitrage on smash
the out of that and then all your
focus becomes on ascension and cross
cell does that make sense so for you I
would probably like you're going to have
to Sunset the the 40 guys over time if
you are better at delivering a result
like go where the value is as in whoever
you can help the absolute most is who I
think you should sell to so if you're
like I have three different people I
help it's like well which of them like
this happens in um I had a lady who had
tile business so she sold tiles like a
very generic business she's like I sell
to homeowners I sell to uh designers
interior designers and i s a home
builders three completely separate
avatars I was like okay which one's
worth the most to you she's like well
homeb Builders are pretty much just only
care about price I was like okay well
then maybe you don't sell to them
interior designers she was like these
people um they're they bring me
customers all the time like they come
with their the person they're doing the
living room for whatever and then you
know the people who just own homes he's
like they're you know they're kind of
like oneoff sales but they have the most
margin I was like
okay I was like which one do you like
doing the most she was like the interior
designers I was like how many people
does an interior designer bring you on
average per year and she was like 30 I
was like okay so she was calculating it
at a transactional level rather than at
the res at the interior designer level I
like so how much does it cost you to get
I was like how do you get interior
designer she's like I do Outreach for a
week once a month and I get like three
to five more interior designers who come
in I walk the facility and then I
showare them what we do um and this I
mean this business was doing 7.6 million
Topline and like 5 million in iida
murdering it um and so I was like cool
so you now are the the interior designer
is now your avatar so you need to become
the interior designer de you need to
make their life amazing don't sell to
home builders don't sell to home home
owners just interior designers that are
people that you've got on your roster
and and then all you do is you go from
having 30 interior designers that send
you business all the time to 300 and
that's it and there's 300 interior
designers every setting and so all she
has to do and she already had a way to
acquire them I was like forget
everything else so it's like you want to
just like sake through that and a lot of
times that's where this massive unlock
happens in businesses like in most
businesses go through this because you
start throwing stuff on the wall you
start selling stuff you start looking at
the customers you have and then you're
like huh I'm really good at these people
I suck at these people these ones are
okay and then you start making your
delivery you make a decision
strategically to say no to this money
and this is where people can't do it
this is why everyone fails they can't
say no to money so you have to say no so
when the 41st person comes on the phone
with you and it's like hey dude I like
really need this like I'd love to have a
way to you know make money online or
whatever you're like you should just
watch for most these videos for free and
then start a business and when you have
a business call
me okay so like I know my I mean what
I'm what I'm best at is the acquisition
fulfillment and the operations of
existing agencies like my two best
clients your course away for the money
people give it away for free okay give
it away for free it'll me and then
you'll be like look I've had 40 people
pay me whatever they sold you know you
paid it's like and I just want to overd
deliver in value and I'll give it to you
for free and so use it because I really
just want to work better with agency
owners because the 0o to one stuff you
can just just do it just do the work
it's not that hard once like that way
you can self proove that you're legit
and then I will tell help you scale it
from there and then like tangible items
to like actually Sunset them like what
does that even look like how long was
the sale for the 40 how long did you
sell them for was the duration it was
like I was starting off it was like an
inner circle just like 6K like Lifetime
right so this is the problem with
lifetime deals yeah you have a onetime
onetime income with a forever delivery
um like right so the the real real the
ethical way to do it refund I think pull
the rug refund so if I make the decision
just hard conversation refund Integrity
restore that's going to suck but okay
how many of them are
what's up how many 40 I am send them to
someone else
maybe but wait are they still how long
has it been it's been like two months oh
okay I mean I would like this is the
like this is the tough part you know
like you either I mean the alternative
is you like the thing the thing I don't
like cuz if you had said it's a 12we
program then i' would have been like
fine live it out like finish it out but
you're like lifetime you're just going
to these people forever ask months in
yeah yeah cuz that's at least going to
be 12 months you got 10 months so you
got to trade off like you could probably
get away with it if it had been a year
yeah but you were only just starting
yeah to go all in on school I had to re
I had a calculation of how many of my
Mastermind members I had to refund I had
to refund $2
million to go all in on school that was
losing 700 Grand a month
how about that did he say losing yeah
losing is it I refunded 2 million to
focus on something that was losing 700
Grand a month damn why
why I don't know
RIS n it's worth it like if you do all
the math it it was a Nob brainer
yeah PA steal yeah it's just you want to
play in the big league I mean the things
these are mistakes like people make
mistakes in the beginning lifetime is
easy to sell but just cuz you don't
think about
ramifications but saying no to money is
always what yeah is the biggest thing
that makes you like that after I did
that I had a massive jump cuz I could
focus on school right um and you know
people offer me like a lot of money too
to go and like speak in an event
probably nowhere near as much as hosi
but 100 Grand in first class flights you
just say no no no no no no no no no then
you don't even bother saying no you just
don't even imply yeah and that if you
don't have the discipline to do that
then you'll get pulled in a million
directions also when you feel that sting
of the 240 Grand you have to give back
it'll help you say no to everything else
cuz you're like I just refunded all
these people I'm definitely not going to
mess that up now like I just spent all
this money to to get this attention back
like why would I mess it up yeah it does
something too for your like personal
power or something when you're say no to
money you don't need it yeah you're like
you show you it does something to you it
gives you some kind of power there's no
better feeling than turning money down I
mean making money is also pretty good
but especially with clients you don't
like anymore yeah right I would prefer
to never see you again here's your money
yeah really I got like a little taste of
it cuz I was like I'm like the
gatekeeper of the main closer so if I
didn't think I could coach the guy I'd
be like no but refunding is a whole
different kind of thing right there yeah
totally but you'll feel super super
convicted and when you get on the phone
with people you'll be like this is for
agency owners and I'll help you scale or
whatever you know whatever you're good
at and if you're not then you're like
that's why I have this thing I used to
sell it I'll just give it to you man
just follow the steps realistically
though you're probably not going to do
it so at least this way you can save
your eight grand which I probably could
have sold
you it's big conviction that's sick
sweet I like I have the same thought as
him cuz I have a a program called start
and then scale but uh sell to the scale
people if you're better at them and you
like them better and they're worth more
100% um I did have a question if it's
better offline that's cool how do you
for instance like somebody joins at 30
gets to 200 how do you Market that
testimonial without uh a financial
claim so how can I actively share these
stories so getting into the like
nitty-gritty with FTC is beyond my scope
but for the most part it comes down to
timelines that's the thing that like
most of these platforms hate it's like X
in y time but if you just say x I did I
thought about this quite a bit Yeah and
I've noticed that the only people that
ever get in
trouble they did way worse than
make a
claim right cuz I know the people that
got into trouble and I know what was
going on and I'll tell you how it
happens every single time yeah it's they
don't give refunds their disputes go up
they piss so many people off that enough
complain to the attorney general that
eventually so many complaints go to the
attorney general that they investigate
them and then they find everything like
the first thing to go is always you get
kicked off of stripe yeah way that's
slate the canary and the comine no one
that doesn't get kicked off stripe never
they never get in trouble even if
they're making wild claims on ads but
then when these people get
panged they've got to like say oh
everyone's doing it everyone's breaking
the rules because they're trying to show
like that they're not a criminal yeah we
just cross we just stepped on this
Little Rock the the refunds thing is Bar
None for sure like I there was a guy I'm
sure we both know him but who um who got
dinged by the FTC ding's a very nice way
of saying it um and I knew for like I I
I was in a room like this cuz I was was
in the back room and he was speaking at
the same thing as me so like kind of
funny um and he was like how do you guys
like stop all these chargebacks and I
was I was like what he was like yeah all
these people like they're just these
are charging back and I was
like well I mean I was like we don't
have we just refund people if they ask
for it he's like oh no we don't do
refunds I was like I mean at all he's
like we say no refunds I was like but
you you you actually don't give any
refunds he was like oh no I also I mean
Sam said this I think like three ago and
I just love this it's like you don't
want to become someone's project like
you don't want someone waking up
thinking like how can I destroy shark
today like how can I ruin this guy's
life cuz cuz that six grand was the last
six grand he had and it meant a hell of
a lot more to him than it does to you so
just give it it means more to him back
just go get another customer bro it's
always worth it you just give him the
money back and they come back too like
we noticed that they a lot of people
come back when you didn't make a big
deal about it or they'll buy something
else yeah cuz you know what it's like
your self you buy something you ask for
refund you're like how's hard's this
going to be and if it's easy you're like
damn I'm I I like this company right yep
so Planet Fitness believe it or not I
obviously a fitness example CU I know a
lot of the the big businesses there but
Planet Fitness figured this out which is
so you might not know this but a Planet
Fitness to make money has to have 10,000
members like a brick and mo has to have
10,000 members to to make money and they
still crank and they can do that in a
market that only has 50,000 people in
total which is insane to think about but
they don't have like zero turn they have
like five % monthly turn which is you're
like wait a second how would you do that
they cycle through the entire town over
and over and over again and so what they
figured out was rather than being like
the dicks on the way out they said they
call the friendly goodbye and so it's
like they they're like oh you want to
cancel no problem Steve no worries let
us know when you're you know when you're
want to come back like we we'll get you
going like very friendly on the exit and
so then Steve when he like gets the next
gig or gets to the next job or feels fat
again or whatever it is he signs back up
because it was no big deal
it's also crazy how many people don't
actually use the membership they like
pay for it and then oh 92% don't use the
membership yeah it's the only it's the
only way the business model works if
they did they'd have to charge $200 a
month it yeah wouldn't be room yeah I
mean the reason micro Jims are priced
that way is because people use the
membership it's the same SC footage so
like like the worst thing that and so
like I mean I can talk about planus
Fitness but I'll
stop how would you choose between the
friendly good
and then the one that he mentioned where
it's like if you leave you have to pay
the entry fee to come back those are
different one is a refund one is like
someone trying to cancel which I see is
separate things one's saying hey I want
to cancel your service one is like I
hate you please give me my money back
it's not very friendly to say you can't
come back ever
again and it's also not really true I
think cuz someone can just make another
account how are you going to know well
for high ticket I can imagine but like I
just whatever I mean I've all the the
people that I know who have done it and
don't have good communities it does
nothing if you have a great Community
then it matters but then doesn't matter
at all because the great Community is
the reason that it happened so tldr I
don't know if the tactic does anything
remember I had this on a way smaller
scale it was like my second clo like 10K
I was all excited and he he's on the
coaching call and he just wouldn't knock
on doors he said he tried it for 30
minutes CU one thing he teach is door to
door marketing to book jobs so I was
really hesitant on what to do and I he
just bring down the energy so I let him
out of the group I refunded him and then
I posted in my free Facebook group hey
had a client wasn't really ready to
knock on doors you know if any of you
guys are are actually willing to do this
we have a spot open and it brought my
ideal clients actually B close four off.
post you're like in every week you're
like I had I had a spot open up
because yeah no mean being telling the
truth yeah I got I got one question
about like um I've heard you guys talk
about like offboarding interviews or
like you know like taking you know
somebody wants to you know wants to
cancel their membership or wants to ref
refund you're like yeah for sure just do
an interview right is there any way we
could maybe get that going on in school
like whenever somebody churns like
obviously like it's hard to get them on
the phone right you know at that point
um but I'd love to like figure out maybe
that at some point like oh yeah you want
to cancel cool press this button
schedule an appointment after we talk I
think they have to be able to cancel
easily but I think yeah they have to be
able to cancel easily but I think you
could encourage them to take a call
after the cancellation try and resell
them could we do a zapier integration
for the cancellation this is we were
just thinking an auto an auto DM would
probably be the be Auto DM yeah I've
noticed uh the zapier integration the
zapier integration feature on School Is
Amazing by the way but um we started
doing this in one of our communities
where people join and we immediately
send them like a welcome call and then
we just like immediately upsell them it
does really well are the new customers Z
yeah oh yeah that crushes just for
everybody by the way if you if you let
people come in and just give them an
onboarding call it's I mean think about
what an onboarding call really is it's
like what are your goals what have you
struggled with where are you at
currently
what do you like why haven't you
succeeded so far oh I think we might
have some things for you it's just like
it just lends itself naturally to a
sales call and you can do in autod DM as
well if you have a strong referral offer
can put it into autod DM when they join
and like who else do you know blah blah
blah you'll get this if you refer
somebody so that you know you set it up
once and you can have literally like
extra 10% for free if you have a strong
referral
offer and once they affiliate things
it'll be even more just going back on
that single stream or yeah um what
you're good at one thing we have is we
have that physical Academy so um what I
was one of my questions earlier was
about how would you integrate School
platform into the physical you know what
just random thoughts um but
then because I think our the school
academy has
done by far you know mostly yeah better
than
physical um what are your thoughts on
integrating ditching I don't I mean I
think the in-person members joining I
mean you could if you want to give a a a
gift to the in-person members you could
actually I don't know if they can have a
different membership so no um they
probably just join like anybody else
would and it would just be a benefit to
them to because they know you in person
is the digital already making more
money yeah the the P academ do kind of
like how we're doing this and school HQ
so we've got homos HQ we've got school
HQ for the power users in the online
world we bring it offline and we let
them come in like this and that can
produce content back for the like online
so you use it as a a reward yeah yeah
you can either like you can charge for
it or you can use it as a reward for
like what we do here right we're not
charge for it but it's it's a reward but
you Absolut like as a side note if you
wanted to make even more like if you
wanted the inperson to generate more
money and leveraged kind of like both
together give them an offer to have a
weekend with you I mean like when I had
the you have it's not it's martial arts
right yeah so I would do like weekend
workshops where I'd be like we're going
to do a deadlift um you know prr we're
going to do the big three lifts for
powerlifting this weekend so anybody
wants to come to that cool I do like big
booty boot camp for girls and they
always want I teach them like eight
different like moves for butt stuff
because they always want to noteb stuff
I would do um I would basically just
bring in Specialists for stuff and then
I would either and I would just Market
CR to my community and say that they
could pay you know a grand or two grand
or something for the for the weekend I
mean you'll know the price point better
than me but Pro I mean you could
probably get away with between $300 and
$2,000 in terms of two days um for them
to to come in and you spend two days
with them and you get a ton of footage
you literally make money for it you can
get ads for your local gym you can get
ads for online all from that one event I
actually think it's a huge advantage
that you have the inperson component
because you can do stuff that no one
else can
do level seven in school Community is
visit School HQ the the prize like once
you get to level seven in school
Community you get to visit School HQ
that's cool and then in the games it's
get in the top 10 and you get to come to
a MOS HQ it's the best prize on both
leaderboards it it creates this cuz in
the digital world everything seems kind
of fake so if there's some HQ that
people get to visit and you start to see
photos of this play it gives people like
something they can visualize like I can
eventually go
there right and it works really well and
you can use it in your marketing and and
all of this I can guarantee you that if
you make a post in your community saying
that you're doing a workshop that you're
limiting to 30 people how many people do
you have in your community free ones
well the paid one paid one
23 yeah so um I mean you could do it on
the free one if you wanted to cuz then
you could just sell them at the event if
you felt like it but but I think it
makes more sense to do it to the paid
one and just do a higher ticket thing
from the paid and um so if you have 23
that's perfect so that'll probably
you'll probably get like 30ish people
who'd be willing to do it and so do you
30 you know between 300 maybe I mean
it's meditation like 300 to a grand
probably feels about right you can pick
the price you can start low on the first
one and move it up if you want to if
it's like people are like that was
amazing blah blah blah blah blah um it's
like you can just do that like once a
quarter so every 12 weeks or so and just
like that you can pop an extra like 80
or 100 Grand a year in like and but like
you're not just doing it for money you
get all the other stuff